to the
[Music]
and
k
[Music]
d
tour
[Music]
T
Very well. Good evening. How are you?
Javi family have you seen the collection of the
Lion King in primary no but for children or
for men of 40 years yes a kiss
Thank you very much welcome eh I haven't seen
I haven't seen I haven't seen no no I'm not going to
to give priority to the truth. Or rather, as it may be that
go for a walk around the mall and
let's go in or we're looking for something in
concrete like that because yes the truth is it is strange
It's weird how are you how are you
Guys, well today I say I'm going to connect.
I haven't prepared anything live, eh?
I haven't prepared myself, I was going to say I haven't prepared myself.
prepared the live a lot No no it's not that
I literally haven't prepared myself
nothing knew today that it was going to be direct
Because I say, let's see, I didn't do yesterday yesterday.
I was a spectator Yesterday I was at the
Inco Kai's channel And I was
I say I'm going to be a spectator today
moment I want to check the
members to see 2086 Put There
2576 let's go to current events, mother
mine It is true that the last time that
we were here we were naked
No, there's a chat today, Javi. Well, then.
then if there is any interesting click or
Whatever it is, we'll see it if we're here.
It's still worth it, although I'll probably last.
less than them but a lot of fabric eh
a lot of fabric the last day here they started
It's going to rain, the members are going to update
this mother of God mother of
God in the last was brutal of member
Well, not only in the last host
[ __ ] I have c here
is that now it rose a little bit
cool uncle got up a little bit
cool now that when Now when
was going to
here but here when entering the room yes
I'm hot, the truth is I've hit Lorena
Let's put on the air a little, let's go
upgrade to The Members' Barrita
Okay, let's see if I remember where it was.
airbox to
widget you like members grandfather
some more and some less some more and
others less
let's see youtuber member goal Ok okay we have
saying
kid
kid A
see let's put
he
2576 well there you have the new bar
2576 members kids Javi how do I do it
member Well look, in fact you have a
button next to the subscribe button
that says eh join Okay then there you go
You become a member of the Channel if you want
support this channel and and that
let us continue growing, let us continue
not working
I'm very happy, really very happy.
Hey, yes, it's true that the limit I don't know
exactly where the stop was I think
that the top was like in
3100 something like that is worth 3100 something
like that but the truth would make me
illusion to break the record in
sometime
eh be break the record at some point
It wouldn't be bad either, eh, in my opinion
I know about 4000 5000 some nonsense eh
In telesalseo it was also the same
True Maribel, the record is at 3100
or something like that too I think that both in
like here at the salsería the
record has been
in the same at 3100 more or less 3100
3200 I think it was or 300 and something
Okay, what I said, okay, I needed a couple
days So chill playing me a
little noses
Okay, relaxing for a while, that's it.
It's true that I've been training a lot in
the gym and dive into the pool
It's also worth it. But well, let's leave it
this smoke bomb and let's talk today about
pambi let's leave this bomb here
smoke and let's talk about Pambi again because
the topic seems to still be some
something there that we haven't mentioned
Okay
Hey yesterday, how was I with you?
Saying Oh well I haven't read it they tell me
Javi has spoken to you but he doesn't see it, he doesn't see me.
Inco Inko Kai leaves yesterday if he is here
Oh how I laughed yesterday with him
Direct from Inc Sky dude, I mean there were things
that I have many things saved because
That man, man, is more than obvious
that will have
certain certain news more than it is more
that is evident that it has a channel of
full harassment harassment okay
but but wow man I was amazed with some of
the things you put in your live
This thing about putting a filter on someone
50-year-old Isabel, a kiss
putting on those filters to humiliate or
behaving like a bully who already
I'm not telling you what you're talking about anymore,
reactions and comments evidently to the
He gives you a visit, okay, but he's already a bully.
eh inco a bully a bully come on I have it
said has a harassment channel and I laughed
I'm not going to react much to it.
because they are people of whom I am here
I don't speak
and but go to the in sk Channel And it is that
I don't know if it's out there inco for what
put your channel there okay But go to
watch the live stream last night because it was I think
that I should take an extract of that or
be a full harassment channel
messing with the fact that five has a head of
egg eh giving nicknames as if
we were or rather
eh unfortunate the worst thing is that
eh They sent me Well I saw it on Twitter
Karime's that the colleague put has been
angry apparently okay because as
Did you laugh at him or did we laugh here?
the other one we go here we don't laugh or
not even from him because here I don't
I would like to make a video, I'll tell you.
which would not be a small thing but here what
we commented was that not that he carries a
year
m a year and a half Calling delo
scammer Okay and there were actually things
that I saw on your Twitter that I didn't know, that is
and I saw it on your Twitter, no. So that's what
has deleted videos, that is, all of these
Miguelox's videos, no, apart from that
I have this one too, not when every time
that he collaborated with me and has
deleted or rather they suddenly fixed the la
It's not worth it. But I would do that with
Dallas eh, I mean Dallas comes to him and Dallas
offers him an interview and we go to him
makes the ass
Picola, that is, the guy
He was harassing Delox for a while.
year carrying lawyers saying that
I was accused of something I don't know what it was
very scammer And he also says it
scammer eh eh
We have several here several times
that is what it is called and when those of the
The uncle is interviewed in a discussion group
He gets very angry with the people in the discussion group
I don't know what I don't know how much it is that you have to
Watch Incai live, it's all there
It's all there, okay, Delox talks to him in a
tweet in a tweet eh in a tweet and
makes the ass fish tail well everything
settled by me everything buried everything
settled I speak to you by
private has has one not for
humiliate yourself and well, what was going on with you?
saying
inco if you can put the channel there
inko Sky for people to see
direct because wonder I already know what
character type
are that I just saw before opening
the live
that he posted a tweet not very
angry no and shared a news
about Javi oliveira about 2019 what does he say
the news of a Sevillian family
complaint of harassment against the YouTuber and his uncle
Haha, well, look, your news is
like your news, your fake news, to me no
No one has reported me for harassment, much less
a family
what they have given me is sevillana
several lawsuits for the right to honor that
They are demands that you do not report, they are worth it.
civil lawsuits which is basically
ask me for money because I insulted them
in public good Look at the truth insults
after threats that are more than
accredited shared a news story in 2019
Check it out on Karime Inco's Twitter
I just saw it right before opening the
direct but also a super news
Come on, it's fake, but like everything they say
I always eat everything he talks about and believes
that nothing is going to happen to him, or rather he believes
that nothing is going to happen to him Oh what are you doing?
you humiliating all day long
stalking you all day putting filters on you
the physique, the hair, and the implants, a
dog every day you dress the dog in
jail a dog every day
My accent inviting me to lick eggs
I lick egg I lick ass you know and And today I know
It's over now, it's not good yet
finished Well nothing we have there already cloth
But they do have a friend of theirs who does.
has a criminal complaint, let him know
They don't talk about that, there is a friend
yours who does have a criminal complaint for
having continued eh for having done Well
Once they tell it, they will not do it
We will tell it when it is time
news but but it is evid has been deleted
all the videos dude So you say
Well come on at least say it. It's good.
that I interview here, I do not do
interviews and look I got this
interview but no no no no has not been deleted
all the videos where he messes with him
another but like that eh for one
interview and yes yes he has shared one
fake news but well like everything
that they always do Nothing happens one more
a
Javier is a no-good Martian, let's see.
We are going to comment on several things apart from
that Oh but I laughed a lot even with
the faces he makes looking at the camera like
as if he were so into his role. Well, I
I'm waiting for a lawsuit that was filed against me
Three months ago he told me that he was going to
to file a claim that he did file that
He was not from Boquilla and here I am not
Nothing comes, the truth is I'm waiting for it
here to answer you
[Music]
mm lo
That said, it's nonsense, Javi. It's been years.
eating from you Well then we'll see if
It is profitable or not. We will see that.
I'm not going to tell you anything, I'm not going to
It's worth telling a lot. But we'll see if
Is it profitable or not? There are several.
little things there are several little things that I love you
comment and as I have already told you No, I have not
prepared the live but we are going to go a
little on the fly okay I'm going to stop by
on Inc's Twitter and on
eltra that usually collect extracts
and little things are worth it
[Music]
Hey, this afternoon I did something, man, I loved him.
surprise my mother what happens
that my mother
eh the truth
eh The video was not good enough
upload it No chivito chivito I'm not here
bothered by nothing just you
I recommend the Incai channel that you watch
the last live and there it is all I don't
I'm going to talk about that and everything I talk about
It will be when something comes out that
It has to come out, okay?
I guess you almost killed her with emotion.
Karime My mother is that
eh the video didn't turn out well
the video and the truth is that yes it is
It had a huge impact, okay?
but I
It came out yesterday I think it was I think it was
Last night I got a tweet in
these are for you
mm I think even so
I captured for myself Search for the
life I think even it
I captured But well basically it came
say the tweet something like
that you remember with the ia
I had a couple of Javi, you have me
deceiver how you express yourself Thank you
How beautiful is Little Isabel?
kiss heart How is the Little Bichi?
there were a couple of threads there were a couple of
threads I made this month that were
quite viral on Twitter
and it was about the new ias that have
come out that turn photographs into
video specifically me in those gilos it
that I put
it was memes it was memes that that
that people were picking them up and
I was transforming it into a video, okay?
I imagine you've seen that thread. Well.
I got that one
thread a few million views
It happens that it was quite a few days ago F has
quite a while ago I don't know if I'm leaning towards
down I don't know if by pulling down I'm going to
manage to find the truth But they caught
the dogue meme the boyfriend meme
unfaithful no
It was two or three weeks ago, I think.
eh it was two or three weeks ago
I think it was a long time ago before all this
[Music]
I think Ah look I did this one too this one
Someone from these people did it to me
Look, this was the thread. Well, this one has
a million
visit this has a million
I don't know but there was another one that I had s cu or 5
millions of views there was another thread that
I had a
this pile
No, well, La Movida, yesterday I got one.
that said something like the ia also
I fixed this is the thread look this is
the thread 4.5 million views
Okay, the one who fixed it took two photos
old I don't know what I don't know what it is
It said Exactly no and I said [ __ ]
Yaam my mother and I have always
spoken no What a shame not to have even a video
of the grandfather, eh, I mean, not even a video
We don't have a single image of him on video.
just when my was born
sister already at two years old Well my
My sister was born almost at the same time.
time my grandfather dies my grandfather
My sister died in 1989 and was born in
January of the
90 My father is already buying a video camera
It has already begun to become something
more common if it was something like that
you had to pay in installments or I don't know what but
It wasn't very common to have cameras
of video okay or so maybe he had it
some of
You know we don't even have a good video
Neither of my two grandfathers is worth it
Neither Cristian, a kiss nor his voice, man, what is it?
what I told my mother today
I say if we had the voice something a
even a little bit, okay, eh, we could
I should have put a little bit of voice in there.
but well This is a photograph This
It's a photograph, I'm from 91 and my
family did not have a video camera
I totally understand, no, no, that's my father.
well that was like a you know a super
effort to buy the first one
camcorder But well This is a photo
which is like
very iconic in the family let's say it's not
a photograph that is well liked by everyone
sides in my house is a very photo you know
the typical photo that you have in the
family not that what is that is a
very photography
and Popular in the family a a a photo
that is, you take a lot of photos
throughout your life but always
There are some photos that stand out
that are like icons of life, no
Well, this is one of those photos.
okay And then And then I say
[ __ ] let's see and I put it in man and I put it in
stuck and
Look how it looks on the computer
uncle was watching it in the
mobile what
strong how strong how strong what
strong what
strong how strong how strong
kid No no it's not that he turns around there he is and
everything is
He is that he is him, come on, how strong, man, what
This is strong, huh?
wow wow t
Look how heavy, kid, how heavy he has been.
That's so heavy, I wanted to share it with you.
you and I put it also in my In my
Instagram and on my Twitter, eh, wow.
Look, look, look
Look how cold it is, eh, how cold it is for me
just came in
man how strong eh man It's that I have all
the afternoon watching the same video on loop
I don't know if the video will already be in my
phone 100,000 visits man how heavy eh
How heavy, eh, you've done it with others
photos I have
I have tried, I have tried
It's not like I'm very good either.
doing those things eh but I tried with
another one of him with my mother as a child but
no no no it didn't come out the only thing he did was like this
like a zoom you know it didn't come out tomorrow
Tomorrow I'll tell you more but I'll tell you
I mean, what am I looking at right now or
I have a chill right now.
I swear, eh, because the [ __ ] we've
excited this afternoon when it came out
the photo but but damn here in the
computer looks different here in the
screen of the
computer looks different now wait I'm going
let's see if laor
this
G Ah you've changed already Ah okay then
nothing no So that you could see a
moment How it looks on the computer What about
the
photo Wow huh wow
wow, amazing huh
mind-blowing
oh, amazing
and look this is a controversy that had
Fran, people really suck.
that you flip out
Hey Javier, can you stop avoiding the
damn topic and talk about Pambi in one
[ __ ] time okay it's true How nice
from your grandfather grandfather
tqm a kiss a kiss a churri kiss
Many
Thank you. Greetings to heaven, grandpa.
Oliveira, greetings, grandfather, grandfather Ávila
Grandpa Ávila he is Grandpa Ávila who in
Rest in peace, your grandfather Javi cara
begging I look
Oh, thank you so much, sweetheart, what are you doing?
Thank you so much for here so far
the visa
Hey, I can't do this thing about my grandmother.
here live I mean we already have it
tried on some occasions for example
put some video not like the one I have
fixed on Twitter but me for example eh
videos of my grandmother, me here live
I can't see okay in public I can't to
see how I can but if you love me
here active you don't understand me the one of the
mug hairstyle is you have changed
a lot of man a little a little a little a
a little a little a little yes
What a bunch of people, eh, people. Really. Let's see.
there is
a saw
judicial in the
that Cristina Seguí is involved, okay?
Ah, a kiss, Cristina, it has been
convicted for a tweet that
put up a good video of some
girls who were doing a live show
on Instagram and they were talking about a
about a traumatic anecdote that
had happened but the girls in that
video because they weren't talking like very
were seriously talking about a way
half funny okay it's a long topic
okay in which probably already when
finish the
procedure I will probably try
is worth on some occasions what we have
mentioned here in the live shows has been
basically
see the interview that Cristina did in
The utbh Channel is worth it because they are there
like 30-40 minutes talking about the topic and
everything is understood there
worth a kiss
dremi But well they have condemned her for
That tweet is worth it. First of all, I understand that
This is like a first instance and
Now yes, of course, man, he's going to
have resources
and for now I just don't want to
to delve into what I think about this
topic because it is a delicate subject and I want
see first apart from this first
judgment
Okay, I want
see how the appeals are going
you know obviously always respecting
What justice says is valid, that is, yes, yes
Cristina has made a mistake and has to
taking responsibility for your mistake is worth it or
Whatever it is, do it for
Of course, okay, but I don't want to go into detail.
I in giving my opinion on that subject
because there are many things that I don't
they fit I don't know why they happened okay
And then I want to wait for the
appeal trust me when everything
It ends when everything happens, eh?
You'll understand, okay. But there are some things.
What are you saying, you [ __ ]? But you know this.
HM what the tweet says is that no, I don't want to.
go into depth conchi I am
You trust me and you know that
When I tell you to wait it is because
something but good Likewise of course
Well, yes, you have to take care of it.
something and if what he has done is a mistake
or you can't commit it okay
and you will have to abide by it and that's it.
But I say that this is not the end, okay?
I say that this is not the end and that and
that he will throw for Adante, he will appeal and that eh
When she is also giving and touching
other people's noses are fine And she is
is involving in issues that are
harming other people Well that other one
people are going to try to attack her and
hurt her and do this kind of thing to her
of non-issues Then let's leave
that everything speaks and so on. Okay, what is it?
What happens is that it is true
that Fran catches again
one for one that has not been done
the case of the child Lan for the
main channel Well I don't know which one it is
I really don't know what Loilo is.
Crazy soft kiss, they're going to talk about the subject
pambi or how things are going, crazy, look
I have created a soft secondary channel
crazy thing called Pambi theme and that channel
It's 24 hours Pambi all day all day
24 hours a day, 24 hours a day, Pambi for people
like you
Hey, look at yours, how repulsive it is.
Fran de la Jungla is a woman magnet who
touches a woman who ends up in jail
eh You have to be very miserable eh Like
well explained in this tweet You have to be
very very miserable for this guy who
keep that account and anyone who
share this post because
This post has gone viral
quite
eh 1 retweet is fine, so you have to be very
miserable
a hug Demis
Denis O
be that it makes you angry
Cristina has done a lot
follow
It doesn't make you very angry and how bad it is
but with your [ __ ]
fat probably because of ideology well
surely because you will be in hatred not ad
hate you don't put a tweet and make fun of it
what happened to
Yuji, what does Fran have to do with it?
number one as with the p pambi thing is a
smoke bomb to avoid mounting the mini anymore
Good point Alex Good point
We had never seen him before from sight
that
perspective point number one what the [ __ ]
You have to see Fran, this is how it is
The last thing they did to him this week was no
the dirty tricks they played on him this week
to defame and stain his image
sanctuary the whole roll just for
don't attack Dallas no O
whatever fault he may have
Fran from a tea of
Cristina from a tea of
Cristina before meeting with
Fran one more member Javi kisses from
Portugal, that's Isabel, thank you very much.
Honey, hey, let's see if we get to the
3000 not tonight not this one not
eh yuji was accused and imprisoned without
traces or evidence for an alleged
plot
corrupt they tore a mother from her
four children the little one was barely 2
years for 6 years and was released
charges in addition to the judge's wife in the
jail because
prevaricate I don't know if I was in the
jail as such or they threw him out I don't know
agreement is valid
But you are comparing Yuji's case
With Cristina, do you really think you're
It's convenient that you know what you are
comparing or because I understand that
This attack is for reasons
ideological So if you are
comparing Cristina's case with that of
Yuji's case I understand that you are
insulting the justice of Spain
or to the judges who have sentenced
continue because of course, eh, Yuji
imprisoned without
evidence
worth it or anything worth wanting to put a
crime he had not committed and at 6
years when a judge wanted to review it
realized that this was not it and the
They were then released free of any charges.
really that On the one hand no then
I understand that the person who will have put
This tweet will not quite agree with
with that sentence that Cristina has
Well, if you are comparing it with the case
from yuji
eh but outside of that dude, I mean
I understand that it is a mockery, right? I mean, you
They are making fun of a person
innocent is no longer the person
innocent that it is very hard not to
What happened Yuji, that's hard, let's go
surely she will not have returned
the same never
more but apart from the whole broken family
everything that happened those
children, especially the youngest one
to grow up without his
mother for something that hadn't happened
miserable task you call me Jimmy and
miserable any person who shares
This tweet is not the move. It's that also
This guy, huh?
Grandpa crab, I can accept that you don't
Tell me what game Willy Rex made.
deliciousness but to make this theater of delo
vs Dallas just to avoid a mini-match
outrageous dislike no no dislike no
The [ __ ] that this guy is doing
seen Fran messes with him and says well
then your mother will be the next My
Mother died in a car accident in 2024 in 2004
Francisco without suffering not like yours that
had to endure tremendous
subnormal 15000
likes 15000 likes Simply because
is messing with
Fran because it turns out that it is
It's a lie that the mother of
this
type in several
occasions the uncle
has used his
mother to scratch
likes how disgusting the internet is for some
moments
eh how disgusting
Uncle, well, this has been the best.
this has been
Well, Cho de Incai is about a man.
that says that dasas has a harvest and
Hello Pablo, good afternoon here with
Pete Martinez we greet you in
News 12 Pablo Salum speaks out
on the subject
There is much more to Dallas than just a simple
scam there is a sect Pao How are you
Guys, thank you very much for the invitation.
I can be a rat, I can be a rat
not human but the one who escaped through Rata
like a strap eh it's a bit torto why
He doesn't come back. Well, now explain to us, Pablo, and
basically explain to people
why don't you close this thing that you do?
course they give you dividends and he says no
It is a scam that has failed to comply with a month
talks about the famous Black Hand of a
campaign well we eh since the month
In November we made the complaints that
correspond to the procelac protex eh
federal crimes eh the commission
stock exchange the National Securities Commission eh
what we are denouncing
It is mainly the action of a
corporate organization within a
organization but is talking about another
stuff
not tremendous
tremendous joint good joint This is it
the Dallas application that then
we will see it is also worth it
and this cl me
it seemed
good on the part of
gibel So let's react it
also no gibel criticizes delox for
change your mind about what
did
czu okay, we'll get back to it here.
The Pambi theme is worth it if we let it.
Something if we leave something out remind me
You saw the case of Dr. and his friend
He stole everything from her, she was his best friend, he is
very good
person I don't even know who he is
who speaks to me who is not there
here I don't know who I'm from
What you're talking about is that whitening BCO is wrong.
see the topic here worth here the topic
powerful and ridiculous is
that you have
I have had for a very long time a
opinion about it
czu that you can change it Javi ends with
this and give your audience what they
Don't really want a live show
the mini while you talk about Pambi nothing more
smoke bombs I'll think about it I'll think about it
in the next few days it is worth in the
I'll think about it in the next few days
Let's see, you can change your opinion.
more than obvious, okay, we've all
changed my mind about many things
okay right here we I eh
What doesn't make sense to you is that
you in such a strong thing and that you have
spoken so much changes without any
type of event involved or
It is logical that you take and change
opinion
because another series of things are appearing
tests or testimonies that make you
think otherwise and they show you that
it wasn't what you thought
but that you change your mind
absolutely
all
all the topics because you have fought
with the
Dallas I saw a tweet I don't know if it's true
or lie is worth it I don't know if it will be true or
lie
I saw a tweet saying but it's a
tweet from a harassment account to see vi
a tweet saying that delos had said
that had taken the lawsuit away from Turbo
already
lerl simply in exchange for deleting
the
videos I don't know if he said that or not
has said that part not the
we saw but of course I want to think about what
It's not just removing the videos
I want to think that there will be some videos
apologizing
I insinuate but to
See, I understand that you are always better
reach an agreement of course not O
be I have sued someone and that
Someone tells me, "Well, look, I'll tell you."
I replace, I do this and I do that but
Of course remove the videos but some
apologies no Or that they withdraw what they said
you are a scammer no
He said he talked to them and that it's going well.
Port and that will probably remove the
demands Yes of course but I understand
that in two days they will defame him again
time to see me seeing the plan in which
There is this guy, I think he is going to
remove the demands and points, it's worth it
to remove the demands and points and create
that will have them
allies [ __ ] man but how do I get rid of it
you walk them simply in exchange for nothing or
is to take them off and it is now clear why
the videos will be removed but if one of them
They already removed it, they removed the entire channel
which by the way I think that boy
he hasn't even received the claim yet
mine nor that of Dallas eh the penalty yes
has arrived but the one from Dallas I think
that I think the civilians have not been
arrived yet all because they follow me
appearing twit or that guy the other one
had been removed from the internet and even
disappeared and has only returned once
time to mess with
Dallas I understand that if you of course
I understand that this is a sign that there is no
it has not arrived to him
For me, everything is necessary to admit that one
It's a mistake not to remove videos and that's it.
Let's see if they've been calling you for a year.
scammer with Dallas and you Don't see
how Karime put you in my shoes today
send it to me Send me the clicks because it goes
another one if necessary I already have almost here
that for another one after that I don't know
If what Pablo will do is expand it,
that has
or I imagine that what he will do will be
mention it at the hearing Yes but with
abuse
mikar there were insults insinuations or
things like that
Well, nothing else, I that in that
sense in that sense I have no
The problem is what they do
missing but there were insults or something
as many as are needed
eurofun problem
none but good to what
Javi was going to insult you without you telling them
I couldn't fix anything with those people.
No no, but with me there is nothing that
fix with me there is nothing
arrange with me the content that I see
remains for demand
pum no no but he already has one of mine another one of the
D and has a penalty that is not counted
Delo became friendly with
Well, back to the topic, okay, let's get back to it.
the topic
And it turns out that's not something you can change.
of opinion based on a series of
events no but it doesn't make sense
that for the simple fact that you already
you have fought with him
Dallas what he has done has been like
a complete change of sides to search
support for whatever Okay, so whatever
I told you from the first day I
I would understand that he would kill himself with Dallas
that not even because Dallas does not
Dallas is giving the ball, I think it's
last time he mentioned it was when
came up here and because I you know that I
I start asking questions and taking out the
topic When was the day that the uploaded
Dallas here on a Saturday night that
Dallas went up And went up
Fran Bueno, since that day Dallas
He hasn't said anything and the delos has taken out
live on Dallas every day and
tweet about Dallas every day
days every day and the delo for for
example, he has defamed me for free
attacked for free okay it was one of the
ingredients to go over to the other side
has been becoming direct with everyone
the people who mess with him
ok I invite you
wismichu Aha de cosu has a new one
opinion everyone sees it Javi who is going to
trusting in delo will be applauded by
the sickest ones will be applauded
For the sickest, Fito the most
sick of the world Look at the gathering
Here we are going to hear an opinion now
from gibel that gibel was already the other day
saying something that we saw him and Cel too
He said it, that is, Cel also said that
This gave him a bad feeling that it wasn't
normal the
behavior or that is that it is
tremendous has been left with the radicals
no no he has become an account
hater he has become an account
hater talking to everyone
from Dallas's past at some point
Okay, and then what I do is
I think it's that those in the discussion almost
all I don't know if all OK but
Gibel, I don't know if Shur, the truth is I think
that almost all of the people in the gathering or the
gossip channels are going to give him the stick
Let's not give him the stick
because they are not his friends but rather
They're going to say what this guy is about.
is a
[ __ ], you understand me, let alone the channels.
These news channels are pathetic.
false and harassing and
Javi's slander is just talking about
about that the discussion And no one sees it
normal then later when a pass
I watch a clip of whatever they're doing for a while.
saying okay now they are live
I'm not going to prick it but less the
channels, look at the channel that you
interviewed this last one not good
interview him, massage him, this one is welcomed
nothing more than that he put a tweet of course
a channel that makes me do anything
by
grow up would do whatever was good And yesterday
Kai was telling him some things in the
straight from the things that have come from
Well, that guy is the one from the
interview that defends my stalker
also to this woman who asked
the 240 turkeys for cancer and he didn't give it
or they forgot okay And he defends her
defends her, that is, he is with her
against the money issue if you do it
someone close to Dallas well and he and he
and this guy delox Le only le
a person had to put a tweet with
repercussion for him to make his ass
pickaxe and say well we buried
we bury our problems come to me
channel and I was criticizing was
criticizing those in the discussion group, a [ __ ]
week because they have not put it against
the strings have not questioned it I don't know
and I and and it's for a that's why for that
direct has deleted all the videos that
made him
uncle has deleted all the videos that
did and apparently today for what I
They are saying on WhatsApp right now
has not brought up the subject nor has it given
explanations of why he has deleted the
videos nor for not questioning anything has
posted a fake news about me and
Well, it is, eh, I saw it in a tweet
what deos to him
I asked for that, I didn't see it, Karime, what
You're telling me I haven't seen it
Well, those channels are going to be the ones
that it is because they are channels that would do the same
that it is for having four visits
because they are crazy to be able to live off
I hear and they are not worth it, do you understand me? And then
they would do anything and from that what of the
has been driving but those of the gathering
all this
people let's go
I don't know what they're saying in their
videos
edit the sh is that he doesn't mess with anyone
but we are seeing the G in the
direct, that is, those people are seeing it
same as we are seeing but
by egg there is no more than this
It's no longer about Dallas or no no this
It's already about what you're doing
let's see them, they are like chicken without
head in an absurd way out of nothing made
a radical change of opinion and
position on many things I said it from the
first day inco that you didn't love me
hear that I wasn't acting right if
is that we saw it with me
uncle at the moment that you live it in your
meats you already know where this is going or
whether we are talking about it is a
person to whom we have opened here
our house ours
community we have opened here the
salseria has come to debate about the
people who
accused has been given the opportunity to
that he tried to clean up his image
because he said that it was such that Pascual
We have organized a debate for him and the guy
The face fights with Dallas
and here he tries to try to me
get in with me in my live with my
community and then pin Pam pan and we saw it
here and he has defamed me, he has defamed me
slandered knowing that he was
slandering if we are seeing it that way
do with myself no longer V any
thing that
Let's hear if we saw it here as it did
with me no longer only with the spikes such
but one day the spike contacts another day
Win michu another day we continue with I don't know
who another day continues with I don't know how much
already the thing about the two that had been sued already
suddenly he goes with other people who
they also called him
scammer Look for example Although I have
my things with them Okay and obviously
We are going to be judged. But why?
They have wanted it, okay. I think that the d
SS connection despite the fact that despite
that have few visits and earn little
I think that money comes to those people
the delox that offering them a
interview and they would not be sold no
They would withdraw it because it would be the [ __ ]. I mean
Imagine, I think those
two would continue to maintain what they
They have said about him and he may already have the time
give it to him with seven retweets in
Twitter Javi you are a crack please mount
The mini postscript Gey Luera has for us
worried V we love you the
What Wale Huerta has us worried about?
Why if he's out there all day giving
by
ass how it doesn't look the same everything is
If today I was putting the mini on
Twitter or last night made me a video with
Intelligence
artificial I think that I think that I don't
I am wrong if I tell you that I think that
those of this marriage of the
mortgages the connection They wouldn't do that
A piece of
It happens, but it's not like they have it in for you.
that I don't buy myself for you know something else
is that you based on a series of
events then you go giving
account value
and you start realizing what the [ __ ]
You know I was wrong
Yes, we have seen it here with us.
We have seen how he stabs you and
He also lies knowing that he is
lying and in the debate not only
in the defamation he did to me with that
tweet we saw it in the debate I had with
He gives credibility to lawyers who
you
They denounced why he is whitewashing
The stupidity of it is that I didn't know before
how was the thing that says is not that
the Cosco thing because I didn't know before
how was it going
What did grandpa see that he is doing to him?
the ball to the Martian person of
which Delox still spoke badly when
this mess
started No now let's take a walk around
his Twitter but I don't know what opinion he had
of the Martian the truth
I don't no no no it's that I don't know what opinion
I knew the opinion that Delox had of
cku because we have talked about it here
loads of
hours no
I understand what you are trying to do
make Dani thanks for the because with
this is not
no I don't understand it I don't understand it here
He has put them with the Martian, right?
memory
I'm fine, I'm going, Karime, I don't do it.
I understand shared now for example already
exact phrases of things that I even
that I have informed myself why I come to this
type of events reported or see not it
I knew [ __ ] dude you shared now by
example and exact phrases of things that
I have even informed myself because
I come to this type of events
informed he didn't know he lies knowing
that he lies or whatever but that is constant
eh with everything that
He says there he says that he has
informed but not only that it has been
informed but apart from having
Dallas has reportedly brought him more things
and now what he says is that he is the little one
information I had was why
Dallas told him and since Dallas is so
Bad He took everything out of him
context there Dallas lied to his face
but I don't believe that when you lie
not there now I understand that's where I was going
a podcast and reported for the
interview I don't understand I don't expect
He doesn't lie just to lie, he doesn't lie just to
lie lies for
evil has done it to me with the thing about the
wale we have it
seen how he has lied Knowing that he
was
lying of course he lies because he's bad, let's go
see if you have
informed to be the to be the
podcast you informed yourself and then on top of that
eh Then on top of that he gave you more according to him
not apart he spoke with the lawyer to see
How could Nimu say that without
problem the lawyer who is not a man
Dani kid, I'll whiten it, let's see, he said.
that they had invented that the girl
had vomited and all that when
It literally comes out in Coscu's live stream
him telling the girl you threw up on me
you did all this well that that's not
It was exactly what he said what he said
The truth was that Dallas had invented
that the girl in the live broadcast said that she
he had forgotten the moment of sex and
that however what had been done to him
forgotten was the time to puke
Ok Ok but now I read it when
when we review the Twitter if I
You can look for a clinic that would be the one
[ __ ] because now I'm going to review the
Twitter to see what's up because
Of course he keeps talking about Dallas because
since what he said about it was
that Dallas was cheating and that
He said that in the live broadcast the girl said
that he didn't remember anything about the moment
sexual but which has now become
realized that what the girl says is
who doesn't remember having Pot is like
No, the girl didn't remember anything.
because for example the sa me and when the
grabs So ccu says he grabs her from
the arms that I don't say a rape
I'm not saying rape, I don't think so.
I say but man
[Music]
m that you sleep with a person who
is in that
state and is in a state in which
Furthermore, you yourself recognize that it was
unconscious on several occasions during
the live because that is also
important that he has not said that in
several times during the live broadcast he says
that the girls are left unconscious
and that says things already out of her mind and no
that while the girl is unconscious you
uncovers because he said first he said that the
He didn't cover it up, but then of course for the photo
uncover it and take a picture and
send the photo of the naked girl by
all
Well, I don't, I don't think that's a
simple revelation of secrets But oh well
it could be me for me it could be
revelation of It is that I believe that this is not
I know if it fits the type of revelation
I don't know how secret it will be in Argentina.
For me the type of Secret is different
that here we are talking about one thing
sexual at the moment you make one
photograph a person who is
unconscious and you remove her clothes
Hi Javi, you know I was thinking about something.
don't remember that last year laser Se
hit his head on the stairs no
Do you think that made him change more?
aggressive that doesn't make you think about giving the
sorry because it's bad that's what I get
It happened today, I don't know if what you are
by insinuating it you are insinuating it in a bad way
but I did hear something like he had
an accident I don't know I don't know why Or rather
I know you but I don't think it has anything to do with it
that you fall to change what the [ __ ] said
but yes but if you have the same I don't know
that has smoked you has smoked you something
tremendous no I mean if he does the same thing before
of falling that after falling does not act
maybe not before but after
Martian of Real Estadodor
Here today is the I don't remember that uncle it
I thought about his attitude Honestly Ah
Well, I don't think I can give you a thing.
have an accident or change gears
seem in this case because the seem
has been the
Same JAV in Argentina is called diffusion
of intimate images and is condemned with
two to 5 years in prison, let's see the name
of the crime
eh as such I imagine it will be
different in each country, okay, but we'll see
It's not that you don't spread images
of someone And why do they reopen it?
coscu no, he got it from coscu
who suddenly started talking to
ccu and and has started to say that now
has an opinion
new let's see what it is that it is not like
spread
images let's see spread images
for me for me eh For
me spreading images for me would be that
I'm doing imagine I'm doing
sharing attractive photos with Gibel
because we like each other and he sends me nudes
I send him nudes and he filters them, okay, but
I am sending them to you, I have made myself
those photos with consent but it is
that here is the ingredient that does not
They are photographs that the girl passed to him.
photographs that he has taken of the
girl being the girl
unconscious you understand me for me that's it
where is what makes the matter more
serious That's where the most important issue is
serious because if you tell me that it is a
video or a photo that the girl takes
Ok, so he does it and then
says túa has leaked some nudes okay
but but but these are some photos that
he does it to her without consent
being unconscious
that my friend sends me
carime a
[Music]
rapist the truth is that it is a very topic
controversial And although I believe and in the end that
game made
Will no one questions that it is a
criminal although they have not been convicted
by a judge for it but we understand the
crime article 102 of the Penal Code
that almost left a woman pregnant
ethyl alcohol on the street and also that ftr its
photos there is much controversy if it is a
rapist the thing is that I'm not even a fan
from Dallas no less than KCU but I resumed
monkeys a little the article 119 paragraph
The first part of the Argentine Penal Code says
in the last words because the
It is true that it has many sections of the
Article 119 and we are not going to focus
only in this one he says or taking advantage
of the victim for any reason not
has been able to freely consent to its
action here we have to have a little
the panorama of not having been able to consent
freely his action here we have to
have a little overview of what is going on
happening as Martin says in this clip
I had taken a previous one
The wine was good, I really noticed it was good.
Well, they didn't know each other before.
It's like they consented while being
sober before they knew each other
from a previous drinking but according to him he
I saw her very well. Honestly, here we are not
It doesn't matter what he thinks if a person
looks very good or not alcoholic
The fact is that she is drunk and that's it here
It's already a problem and look, I understand the
sense that there are people who like it
having Chucho Romí while intoxicated
but I want to give you this example too F
was spoiled You
liked it was not
rape Thank you she is sober
Of course it seems to you that that is
consent intent
let him see. We would have to see. There would be
to see the whole context of the night that
They passed by and went to see her
[Music]
Uh we weren't there I don't know okay No
you know, I mean, we weren't there but
man has bad
It looks bad, doesn't it, Javi? No
no Let's see you can you you can
sleep with people who are very
drunk of course is very drunk or rather
The best thing is that you are celebrating.
having a good time and it turns out you know it's not
a bad intention to take advantage of you or that is
the point is the point is that you
take advantage of someone knowing that they are
in a state
vulnerable for me that's the one that's the one
point you know I mean you go out to party and
you are also getting drunk
There you know, these are things that flow, okay, but
Of course, the reason there is that you are
By making fun of the girl you are humiliating her
Hey, you're humiliating her, you're exposing her.
You send the photo to your colleagues doing
mocking faces Because it is also something
that is rarely commented on, that is rarely commented on
In the photo there are mocking faces, it is not a
awesome photo Look what he got me into
it's here no no no no no it's not a photo of
mockery ccu does not take cosu no
drunk Yes but let's imagine even if he doesn't
the other is drunk because he drinks
because he likes to drink Okay
and and and well baby no but as much as
the other is
drunk of course there is no there is nothing like
to measure at what time Until what
moment if you can or you can't I don't think so
that that is something a
not very subjective, not in the sense that I think everyone
more or less with two fingers of forehead
we can realize at what moment
The thing is to tell him Hey look I know
that you have come for this but go to
sleep now when you wake up now
we'll see
No, of course, if you're telling me that
The other one shouted, "I grabbed you by the hands."
arms
eh And when he wakes up no he doesn't tell you
You're telling me everything, you didn't remember it.
well, [ __ ]
and bad
bad business
the interpretation In my opinion would fall
as the girl was drunk before the
But well, the thing is that the girl
was drunk before the meeting
It doesn't bother him that he's no longer here
drunk for 5 minutes after what I
You are telling friend who has written
that's how [ __ ] disgusting you are, of course and also
I was drunk Maybe it started to
be happy in the afternoon taking
beer watching football you are me
telling the fact the fact that you
being drunk at one point does not imply
that you can give consent until
that you fall to the ground, let's see
eh I think that is that I think that is
something that more or less I who know anyone
person can detect it no Hey this
person is not there is not there you know that already
You'd have to see it. I mean, it's true.
that is very difficult eh We don't have
a video of the moment obviously not
We have her testimony, it's very
complicated we are talking about that
We talked about many things
assumptions Maybe not but yes that
It is true that the recording exists that
That's the removal, okay, the recording exists.
On the one hand there is the recording of
She waking up in the morning and that
He doesn't remember the moment of sex, okay?
eh And on the other hand he is telling you In
the video on several occasions that the
girl was unconscious and what did she do
very strange things and then there is the photo that
he he flatly states that being
being unconscious
I mean, I don't understand this either.
Czu debate is good, CCU is good
bad or so for me the point is that
czu at the time would have come out and
I would have said, Look, I was a kid.
I was raised in an environment where
I have normalized certain
behaviors and I had no bad
intention or anything I was there with her
I liked it and then I realized
Since I did not act well, I accept my mistake.
I apologize if the girls want
take measures I assume them I don't know what
sorry I really regret it and that I don't
there is no more problem than the fact of
that she was harmed from
before actually makes it worse
matter who used that as a defense that did not
becomes a lawyer
XD The problem is that he is not that
come out and talk about the topic when you
It goes viral because this doesn't go viral.
Dallas, this, Dallas takes it out
when kcu insults him on Twitter But
This is not going viral
Dallas, this in Argentina has been lost.
taking out since the first year I think
Okay, damn, you go out, you ask for forgiveness, you give it to yourself
realize what you have done wrong you ask
Sorry, you offer help, I don't know, look for one.
advisor who tells you how to do it no but
[ __ ] and you don't have that kind of thing anymore
behavior the problem is not that
The problem is that you then pay another bill.
anecdote eh then caprim also comes out
min saying that you put your hand in a
YouTube event having your girlfriend
side and you put your hand on it without
consent also then of course
Here we already have a guy who has a
profile a little not
indefensible I mean I think I think
that who more and who less all the
people make mistakes in life
It's relevant But when are you going to put together the
mini No, it's not really relevant, with a kiss
handsome the girl of course that's what it is
I tell you, that is, who more and who less and
especially when you are a kid who
more and who less you can commit a
mistake you can make many mistakes
mistakes Not one mistake you can make
many mistakes because you are young
because you are wrong because you are immature
Grandpa is surprised to see gossip in which
they have killed someone's doll and the
Joka gets angry, serious things really don't
These smoke bombs, not to mention
Pambi, you're really getting me, huh?
you are hating
much I never make mistakes Ah man in
Well, man, let's see this mistake is huge.
exactly says Karime remind him to
Rick to The Idiots remind Them
idiots what happened to Rick for having
sex with a girl
taken but that's what I'm telling you So that's it
This guy at least you say Good
takes a step forward when he is disgraced
mature realizes her
error okay but of course that this
boy what he does is first he says that he is
lie that he is going to report to Dallas that
Dallas reports him to do a
boxing match and now he spends it with
everyone who goes around fighting with Dala or
so this guy is
indefensible is indefensible
completely if I don't Look, I don't
I agree with the best that
This boy has to
sink it and boycott it absolutely
everywhere but for me this guy
I should have come out and shown my face and
having apologized many years ago
and to have truly matured and to have
changed and I wouldn't put it in a
cover of Ibai's evening of the year
Now after he has his community, his
LoL your such and your Pascual and with the step
weather
and then it grows again in its
Edgar says he apologizes for a crime
Man Edgar, at least no, at least no
Let's see, but you, let's see, you're not here for me.
understanding excuses a crime but
sorry if you really noticed
of what you have
done if you have really realized
what you have done and mature and not
you do it again but of course when you don't
you apologize and then I know you've gone to
a youtubers event and you've gotten into it
hand to a YouTuber without consent
Of course you haven't
changed You understand me now that you have to
cancel it for life
absolutely all my life man I don't know
I
rape because it is well expressed
law but each one with his opinions
I'm nobody to tell you what to think
So that's my interpretation was a
rape according to the penal code and only
We have to wait for the victim to do it
report which is very unlikely
because 8% of sexual abuse in
Argentina does not reach the point of denunciation, which
It is also very serious nothing to do
Well I don't know who this guy is.
But he literally says it, he says it to
she a hono how is she I just arrived
that I cannot understand and that I do not understand
likes to mature is to understand that Aracua
He just made a good manga, Silver I think.
Delox is already doing things. Simply
because he's angry with Dallas and
saying stupid without fear of success winning
the best That seems very random to me and that is
I would talk to KCU after the fight
with d me
seemed strange strange To put it mildly
shape
Hey, where did you see it on Javi's Channel?
Olivera not on the Pasac Channel
They were doing their live show
I was just making some cuts for
upload to the reviews channel and
I grabbed the feet to break the eggs that I
I heard what he said, he said no, no, I
before I was very manipulated by Dallas Y
no and I hadn't seen things well and no
He had first said one thing after
He said he caught up on everything for the
podcast with nimu and said that there was
investigated everything that he had seen everything and
Now that he fought with Dallas he changed
your version with coscu Dale you hadn't
investigated everything and seen everything let's stop
[ __ ] let's stop
[ __ ] let's stop [ __ ] around let's stop [ __ ] around
[ __ ] eh
hello, it's just that this doesn't make it stay
well dude and if what he is looking for is
destroy Dallas or you changing
So simply because you fight with one
You don't look good in front of others.
that it is not worth it is that it is not worth it
opinion that no
Okay, Ah, we didn't have to follow the
Extra's Twitter
man but what really gives me
The people of the people are very sad
who has had problems with Dallas in the
past that Dallas doesn't even mention and
that all appear every time there is a
funa Dallas and suddenly they appear and
they begin to follow the protagonist
or the one who is fighting with Dallas
but not to support him on the issue that
is having That is not To support that
agree with the argument no no
no no to bring up your topic to bring up
your topic yours to see if I didn't stay
Well, 28 years ago, let's see if they give me now
the reason why they are against giving
in a funa it is a little thing, man
little thing
uncle another opinion from gibel another opinion
of gibel would say our messages nor
photos or anything with anyone or the other party
I could sue for 10,000 you know that
that
Ah, they're giving me five green light if not
I'm wrong. Exactly. Then he sells it in
almost any time you sell it
is going to get a profi of the host almost in
any time almost any guy
but it doesn't make sense either
People, how easy it is to accuse
just like Dallas dresses people what
easy that they are for Ah It's my thing
accuse someone of something you don't have
proof is not that he bought and sold well and
To accuse someone you have to
you have to
do it than have proof that
Someone made him watch Dorian You Have a
a chat between Javi and Dallas telling him
sell here if not but it's not going to
That chat will never exist in life. Hey
Record this and we'll see it later. I'm not recording.
We see it, you have it, it's not information
privileged is that it is also what it is
What is true is that the figure is clear
Javi's with all this controversy now
Well, dude, he's had a problem with Delo.
this and that then the thickness of
people who already have against them. Therefore
Well, it's like this guy hasn't been told
when to buy when to sell I do not
associative level few people at the level
associative few people believe that Javi
have not already spoken about this correctly
level or what people think that
It is already different from what it is
We believe that it is already a different move.
people can think let's see people can
stutter there with the disgusting TT put the
People may think that I have a pony
in my yard I mean you to accuse me of
something you clear let's see them prove it
but it is not that they demonstrate it, it is that
there is at least a hint or so it is
that me taking out money is not a
clue you know but good to record the whole thing
I recorded the whole thing and we'd see it if you had
spoken would not have gotten more is that not
There is no way if not Take everything out of me
everything they have talked about is that part
About me Karime please let me know everything
part that they have spoken about me but now
we spoke at length to the one who has me
asked if you had spoken no
would have gotten more
It's not like we're going to see information either
It is privileged that there is news that
go to change the price of the currency
Okay, Dallas had no news that
is going to change the price of the currency
people people what they say to what
They call it insider information is that
the coin fell and then Dallas me
warned that the currency was going to fall
that I sell before it falls but
clear in that case in case that
Dallas didn't know that either that the currency
I would have fallen in that case
sold out in many countries go to bed
with a drunk woman is a crime if the
State Attorney decides to proceed No
It matters that the girl retracts. Of course.
Of course, of course, it's also a bit subjective.
Look what happened with Dani Alve, eh, I'm the one
Dani Alve's theme seemed weak to me.
sense that the girls were
rolling with him they went he went to the
I voluntarily bathe with him. I even
went to the bathroom with him flirting and the
security cameras record that
That flirting, I think he grabs her ass
to her And such But of course that's what she says
the judge the girl's version does not have
contradictions in the sense of that is
It was the case of Dani Alber, the girl
Apparently they do have
contradictions in which one can
check what was captured
by cameras but however it does not have
no contradiction what is not there
captured by camera that is inside the
bathroom
Okay then the girl I imagine that
That is also what Dani's theme is based on.
I imagine why otherwise I wouldn't
squares in another way because I a
I testify
I never see that it has to be condemned
someone and I understand that with this a lot
people are going to jump on me because
can leave guilty people in the
street but it is preferable to leave
someone who is possibly guilty in
the street to put someone in the
prison that may be innocent Then
I believe that we should never condemn
someone based solely on a
testimony, that is, only the evidence
be a testimony That the truth is
I don't see it because it's because for more
credible that it is a testimony For more
how is it that there is always the
probability there you know but I
I imagine that in that case that sentence
apart from the fact that the testimony was not
contradictory on the part of the girl I
I imagine that the professionals who are
the judges and all the professionals
that they were there not in that case
eh they would be too
and comparing the topic with the report
doctor the medical report I don't know if there was
also as a girls' clothing that
They were like broken. Okay then.
HM that's the topic, but oh well
regarding that case no
Regarding the case of Dani Alvez, it is a
girl who is drunk or drunk or like
I was happy okay eh that's it
making out with him on purpose and and
flirting with him and having sex with him
with him and all his theme and without
embargo and yet the judge condemns
Dani alvez because you can stop giving
consent at the time that you
you want or the fact that you do
preliminaries
groping, which is called warming up the
environment no matter how much you heat the
environment and you kiss someone and you
touching and all that stuff at the moment
that you
If you say no, you withdraw consent.
that moment and there what seems to be It is
that the girl eh there was a moment already
inside the bathroom where he said I don't want to
continuing is complicated is complicated
demonstrate that The truth is that I
topic that case and and I really I mean no
It's for nothing and I'm so sorry.
By questioning you understand me Because
better a person who has suffered
much with this case surely not the
girl but judicially it is very difficult
to test what happens inside a bathroom
and if you are seeing some
preliminaries is very difficult to believe and
check that there is a moment in which
She says No but well I imagine that
It will be based on many things, maybe
based on the fact that
he has somehow given himself away to me
You understand, I imagine they will go there.
the
shots I imagine
a ruby ​​kiss no photos or anything with anyone or
the other party could sue for 10,000
You already know that doesn't happen in relationships.
normal obviously and not enforceable
saying that neither of them
would not share our messages or photos
nor anything with anyone or the other party could
demand Look Listen to what is
saying
enforceability saying that none of the
two would share our messages nor
photos or anything with
no one that the contract according to her
He said that neither of them would share
no conversations, no photos, no videos, no
nothing of yours
intimacy none of the
two what is the problem that the
People, I don't understand this.
what is the problem that people have
This is how I came to see twit
They say clearly that you sign a contract
so that they cannot report you if they
you mistreat them clearly by signing a
contract so that they cannot later
condemn or cannot do what
They say it and it's like, let's see, I'll sign you a
confidentiality agreement But if you
If you do something to me that is reportable, I can tell you.
report
In that case the contract is broken, we will
see the contract is
confidentiality That is, you cannot count
Neither you nor the other person you have
signed the contract your intimacies
Now if you do something to me
I can report you, yes
report or the other party could
sue for 10,000 or the other party
could sue for 10,000 euros for
clause now we stand firm Of course if you come
aplo chaffer and he says to you Okay aplo
chaffer and who knows who else doesn't and
They tell you that this contract is not valid
that you do a
video Why you
I say you already know that this does not happen in
normal relationships
obviously I wasn't going to want to share
those but I do and I'm not the only one who
Oh sure he says obviously he wasn't going to
want to share those things but I do
Oh, okay, well, daughter.
mine or rather but I do But why Or rather
But why To funaro Then to
what signatures
I mean, let's see, let's see, I mean, it is
that this is true what these videos say
It was magic, eh, what these videos were like
magic of course is to keep in mind that
Aplo Chaffer and others were here
behind in these
videos nice way to shoot yourself in
the foot but the thing is that the move is that
then
eh There are people who are saying
that that that good that you see no How bad no
a confidentiality agreement and is
This girl telling you that she is
wants to tell about his relationship with him
Dallas by
that
okay who signed a contract like that but the
contract is not valid and that is what they have told me
said several lawyers several lawyers
aplo chaffer and well I'm going to shut up
I'm going to keep quiet. I'll ask a question anyway.
If you start dating someone and you
makes you sign a contract, I think so.
normal if you are a thinking person it is
get away from that person not because
What I am going to see would understand that that is not
anyone who is going to do it to you
you meet anyone in a nightclub
person you meet on tinder you know
but man HM in famous people or so
you wouldn't see it logical to imagine
Hey, imagine that you know Alejandro.
Saint Vale
and you start rolling
and he looks like Julio Iglesias in Dallas but he is
that there were people who say Javi but they didn't
compare that I do not compare Why are we going
Let's see, but if I'm not comparing, if it is
better Worse if he sings better or worse what he
I'm comparing you to the opposite but yes
is that Dallas has the same people
who wants to make videos telling
her intimacies with him that Julio
Iglesias here she has the girl
She just said it herself, it is clear that
farmhouse signs a contract because he does not
wanted us to tell our
intimacies but I do want it. I mean
The girl is already telling you what it is
She wants to go out and tell her
intimacy why you want to go out
tell who you sleep with you know that
This reminds me of this girl from
Antonio David that there is a girl who
He has already gone on TV three times
tell that he has [ __ ] her And still
There is the girl tagging Cab sees that
can telecinco and all that let's see if the
They can call more times to tell the
powder that is supposedly made with it
let's see, I really
personally yes, yes, I, yes, I, we are going to see each other
For example, if I go out to a disco
and a girl tells me, hey, stop
to go to bed we have to sign a
confidentiality agreement I would see it
a little weird okay But if I know
Julia Roberts and she tells me to wait before
To enter my house, you have to sign here.
I would understand this perfectly
Who sees it strange please Someone
Do you find it strange from here that you can tell me?
Javi, it's true. You're so weird.
You imagined an Alejandro San a
you
They say you're married, you don't play. Well, it's
a supposed s
Wow, I see it strange, the truth is you see it strange
I mean, you find it strange that you take yourself and you
you hook up with a famous person and the famous person gives you
Say, listen to me, we're going to sign this.
because I'm fed up with them coming out
then telling our intimacies and
This way I can make sure, for example, that you are not going to
appear in a YouTube video or in a
magazine tells what we have
done Javi they don't see it as strange because
It's dalan because it doesn't make sense
none is that it doesn't make sense none
It's that, that is, if you want to criticize me, another
Dallas thing Well you still say
Well, no opinions, but it's that in
This is that in this matter of the contract
They are trying to sell it as if it were
You know
Javi will sign a contract with Pablo
Echevarría
spent the
boli because let's see the other one is crazy
that I want but you don't have to either
all the lights here on no I mean
They barely put the thing on top of your head
Good table bye, greetings, a pleasure
share this life goodbye
forget it forget it dude
Why do you think Javi supports Dallas?
I honestly think it's because of issues
of trials they support each other and Javi
He knows that Dallas is crazy and he can do it.
sell I don't know, there is that
see if Henry Kil Superman asks me to
sign a confidentiality agreement
I sign it with my eyes closed, smiling face
with his Doo but he doesn't do that
but I don't understand the let's see the
reason for not signing
If you have no interest in telling
nothing What is the reason for not
sign or if you have any problem
with signing It's because you want
count to see that there is no click in the
that we don't have a cameo Wait, what
I want to understand this question
Gillo life goodbye
forget it forget it dude
except be a friend of life Do not trust
in no one a tangiri kiss Why do you think
that Javi supports Dallas sincerely I
I think it's because of trial issues.
They support each other and Javi knows that
Dallas is crazy and can do it
sell Dallas no
is a witness in any of my trials because
The lawyer did not see it as necessary
But even without being a witness I do not
I see that Dallas could affect me in
no judgment is that these are Minds of
crot clear let's see the trials that
I have with people this that I have to
see with dalla are civil lawsuits eh
By
insults then there what is what is
is arguing whether those insults
are justified after a few
threats or not without more if they are
proportional or I have to give him something
of money to those people for having
insulted I mean
no, there isn't, there isn't
no there is no one thing that
It could be Dallas to harm
no judgment of mine, that is to say, it is not
It has nothing to do with me
you understand then however in the
of in yours I Am Witness in two
which is already known is no secret no
I care to say it is worth in one of
they m I can give my
opinion everyone puts it as Dallas
makes contracts to hide things and
everyone ignores the crowd of people
sick girl who wants to see Dallas sick
who in their right mind would not cover themselves
the backs legally if there are up to
people looking to pay to live it up
kiss is
In short, I'll see you in one of the trials.
because the lawyer told me the truth
I in that trial Well no, what can I tell you?
I don't think it's either or for the better.
nor for bad nor the most important thing
of the world more than appreciations and a
little bit of context you know and in one of the
judgments that he has yes that man
What I contribute is more or less
strong Although tamp good in one of them
Yes, but enough so that we can
harm but of course It is that here of course
We start from the basis of this question in
which of course They say that I support
Dallas in absolutely everything Claro
because it is the mantra, it is not like, let's see, me
I support Dallas in what I see
I support just as I can support Gibel in
something they do against him and I see badly
just as I can support another
partner in something that you see wrong and when
I am against something that does because
I say it, okay, people, what they
understand is that there is a mob all
against Dallas come on Javi how are you
you don't understand me and it's like but I understand
that those are kids, man. Because
when when
Me when I receive messages for example
Today I put that T from my grandfather's
three or four kids putting you
woof woof puppy emojis I just hear
wow wow dude in a post of mine
Grandpa, of course I go in and see the photo of
profile and it is a child who is for the
father takes him and punishes him in his room
at least not and I took away the internet
This will make you argue with this that
It could be my grandson, you know.
and it is to the public that many times
These people demand that I do not
I understand why I have also sued
for a long time to that
public wanting without wanting
and and
and I am already a different age
you understand, I don't know, I have to see what I do
I'm going to tell you that let's see, I don't know who
It is crazier if the one who proposes a
confidentiality agreement or the one that
signature because for a contract to be
valid there must be consent
on both sides and the other side has to
sign it eh It's not that my ing all signed
in the contact and for what my signature
Ingrid, they did not sign a contract as far as I know.
that was it I think it was
then we go I don't know I don't know but no
me
I hear a contract with ex-girlfriends, it doesn't sound familiar to me.
It sounds familiar to me with girls
eh, it's that you see the story
junk phone what is this called no
they go
as if not
I would like you to accept that they make you sign
a prenuptial agreement but nothing is only good for
commercial issues are kind of stupid
making a gift for a friend or a
couple if there is no danger of spying
commercial by means of manul how easy
don't [ __ ] with me, it's all manipulation now
Why did they manipulate me? Wait a minute.
moment when Fran sent me an audio
I don't know if it's important
Okay, okay, okay, I think the audio is for
that I put it because it has to do with what
that we are talking about But wait for me
confirm And I give Play Andrea a kiss
beautiful heart how are you
You shot four times yesterday at one
I was manipulated Bro manipulated me into
the
head the problem that it has is that it
think that life is just internet no
understand that we can the problem that
has is that it is thought that life is
just the internet and doesn't understand that we can
have arguments between
us but inside Remember
when you sent the little princess thing
everyone is having a fight there over messages
then people don't
understands that things between friends or
colleagues or people in common is resolved in
private not in public but of course here it is
think that everything has to be taken out in
internet and it is not like that
but I don't even think I have
that I fix in private for example
One thing Fran that I don't agree with
I agree with you, the one who doesn't agree
with Dallas, that is, me, for example, there is
times here that we have commented on topics of the
Dallas, I haven't gone to tell him privately.
Hey, you should know that I have a bad opinion about this.
Here I am reacting, I see it and I say
Host Well here it seems to me that it is
warmed up host because I don't like this
wow, this is really wow, wow, this is really
What did Fran say to this one? Okay, but
without more Or rather one thing is the the the the
Internet and another thing is the relationship that
let's have you understand me But what is it that
I tell you if a person doesn't attack me
and on top of that it's not just that I don't
Tesa heart attack a kiss
eh Not only did he not attack me but
who is also a person with whom
I appreciate cordiality and all this
roll
No, if he makes a mistake, I'll say [ __ ].
What a blunder he made, but no, no.
I'm going to burn it if I don't see it either.
nothing out of this world but it is that they
same in the gathering the other will talk about it
day that if a big incident happened about something
between them no they will not burn you know and
Everyone has understood that and
All the spectators have understood it
you understand me So why is it like
that being Dallas there is a wild card in
He who doesn't no no no matter how good you are
you take him with you, you have to get in here
in the mob because it is not even
that does not have an opinion contrary eh or that is neither
It's not even that I don't think otherwise.
There are many things on this topic, Queicho.
hosti Here no hosti here hosti here no
bro how easy it is to tease what you want
We reach 3000 members and we are
400 is worth there are 4200 people here in
YouTube with each one giving away a
member took me out the no joke joke joke
that Fran that Fran Fran suddenly is
in the jungle with you and makes p and gets off
the pants and starts to piss what
It was easy to be a girl and be able to get involved in everything.
manipulated and well brother you too
you expect a girl from the internet to
love yourself and don't think about money and
fame and well after that, oh, it's that I
they made them sign a contract and for what
sign but you don't have to either
cry or if you have signed a contract
in which you can't tell anything because no
I told it and such. Don't go looking for that.
someone tells you that the contract is not valid
That is, if you have signed a contract in
the one you have agreed that you are not going to
tell anything about your privacy because no
don't go out and tell anything about your privacy
What's up, this girl, I'd push her.
obviously that's what I was there you know
but that's how we go, this girl
they pushed this was still there you know
but of course to the
What need this girl for
having had a fling with Dallas What
need for a report from a finger and
one thing or another when the girl is
dedicating himself to his music you know what
need for something from a topic that
She doesn't even come to her and she would have
forgotten at the moment you understand But to
see
daughter, for what signature can a be made?
contract against which you never signed a
Javi contract I never signed a contract
of confidentiality As far as I remember
no one on any topic I don't know if maybe
I will have signed some kind of
confidentiality in some of
the occasions on which I have collaborated
in some program or
something but the truth is that it doesn't sound familiar to me
the
TRUE
mm if I have ever signed something no no
It would be very important because I don't remember
I signed it. Let's see, I don't know.
I don't know if maybe in some program
These are not the ones that are recorded over time
and
such personal issues never of issues
personal
We were never going to do it here many times.
sometimes on some occasion we went to it
make people from the team of the theme of the
topic of our work team You know
No longer personal issues as such
although it also includes that man
that conversations and things are not
don't talk to each other no But in the end they don't
we did but for for Leave me because I don't
gave time I think we had it until
written But look for Leave it what it is not
we did it but it was like we were going to do it
to do so that later for example a
worker or editor or someone not
no, not if he stopped working with us.
went to other channels with the
strategies that we use and
those things no but personal issue No but
because it hasn't been told to me, but because
example there would be cases in which it
I would understand if it seems okay to me I sign it and
If you don't understand me, there is nothing more.
that a contract does not harm you at all
That's it. Look, with Delos we could have done it.
signed would not have been bad but that
It's that it doesn't hurt you, it doesn't hurt you in
nothing, that is a contract, what do you do with it?
harms in
in which you can't speak is not that
another thing not clear in that you can't
exposing an intimacy is not what
tea
harms In what For your life that does not
you can have an intimacy that you have had with
someone that the contract is in arrival
Grandpa, they stole 600 from you.
Spanish and in March when I signed the
contract spoke worse than
Now okay And I would love this
I would love to see delox's Twitter
before seeing this
Okay, it's that Delox, let's see. I know he's been there.
talking about Dallas
still or has pinned a tweet with
this is what we are going to see
Now in that piece of the uncle's news
sh okay so he has signed a tweet or
has been set a
tweet I just don't understand why the D does it
continue with the topic
guy is like headless, eh, reminds me of a
little to this Foundling sitting next to
Paris Jackson
eh Now we will see this
okay or rather all of its all Its content is
based in Dallas eh look here share
I didn't see this about the cell phone, but they told me
that the guy in the end
eh I don't know what the guy said at the end
as well as that
that dasas didn't want to raise his salary No
I know I have to see this, I haven't seen this
seen I don't know if we will see it
Okay, then it's your internet activity.
is now
same based on
Dallas based
finances contact me and I will help you
give the complete list of my ex-girlfriends
with phone number and address for
that you can take out
[Music]
this is
I open it directly and I get to the
day with the video in which they put r
token These are some let's see I have to see
I haven't seen this much, okay, but for
It seems that an ex of R has come out
look at this
Hey, look at this, this happens, this is very
We are not used to gossip
This but apparently it has come out
an ex of ra and raed clip
and the ex I think is accusing of things
Raed and Red have some clips insulting each other
to people in your chat or I don't know a move
That's how I have to see it, okay. Okay, then.
delox Opens
directly talking about that on his channel
crypto clear So this if you want it
we see the r thing okay if you want we see it
but
and I wonder to see completely
opinion
objective
delux was not there
superm because Dallas in the video that
He did not only criticize his opinion
from Pambi but he took his ex-girlfriend away and
aimo and this whole movie
Okay, and what has raet done to you?
delox, that is, so that delox thinks it is
valid to take out
eh the [ __ ] drawer of r
who is from the Dallas team. Of course, but
I don't understand what he's going to run into because
I understand that I dealt with this myself.
Uncle South and so on because it's gossip. Okay.
So I'm very sorry RAE but
Your girlfriend comes out delox RAE said stupid ago
a few years that definitely proves it
that Dallas is terrible, terrible.
damn okay but this is a ra clip
eh This lasts 9 minutes and they have
I've been spammed a lot on Twitter but
Of course I don't have 9 minutes to watch this.
If you want we can see it live but
that I was passing through the mouse was like r
insulting someone a lot I don't even have
[ __ ] story idea or whatever
I would need the whole story to see
why r insulted I would need to know
When is this video Why when and
when it is worth it
Hey, look, it's great, let's see.
Okay here is the
ex vale This is the
cli notification G just donated TR
bnb But
[Music]
no why delox does a live about this
keep giving the [ __ ] how do you realize no
panda of idiots brother panda of
[ __ ] morons [ __ ] I wish more
never in my [ __ ] life will I ever go out again
I play as a racer. I hope never again.
never [ __ ] [ __ ] shits
release a game like racler I wish everyone
the damn games be Rock pool and
I wish all the damn games had
10 months of Roy, sons of [ __ ]
[ __ ] how good is Ray insulting
many people or someone for 9
minutes okay I would have to know the
history would have to know the Why and
the whole thing no but of course it didn't end
to catch
I don't know if anyone can explain to me why
what delox in his crypto channel takes out
This is what Auron tells me 8000 times in
a no but let's see I don't know I don't know what
better what raed's ex says is
true Maybe it's a lie maybe
raed in that c is very unfortunate
insults a lot, maybe it will become
It's better not to pass but what does it have to do with it?
with bitcoin
Hi Javi, I know it's not relevant to the topic.
but the member bar says members
It's weird to see that there. Oh, man. Well.
now I'm not going to tell the truth, my members say
It's true, it's true. Well, look at the bar.
of members to change that text
I have to get into modifying it. It gives me
laziness when we reach 3000
members already touched the text too and
I put it well, it depends on you with
that you give away a member each time we arrive
tonight at 3000 then I'll put the
capture on Twitter and I go naked to
the bed with the air conditioning is
it is in your hands it is in your hands
Okay, well, I don't understand, just don't give it a try.
I'm going to give more flights
Okay Honestly after all the
This week I bring you what I like the most
What I want is for Saturday to arrive and
enjoy Ricky Edy's concert and
Augustine
I hadn't seen this TT, let's see. Wait.
wait
[Music]
I feel G
regret but luckily my head
Scary Congratulations on all the
options that you failed to our love
I'm sorry but it's my turn I accept what
She doesn't like it and the situations that
cannot be carried out without the scent of your heart
I want to repent Although luckily
My head is fairer, congratulations for all.
the times you fail our love
[Music]
Delox's chess work attacks
Frank to you to Dallas from many
points at once and surrounded by pawns
haters all for a Ja mate
Why do they say your channel is full?
Dallas, those who only talk about Dallas
I honestly don't understand what's going on
doing
delox I'm here too, let's go, I'm here
also teaching to enjoy the
Ricky Eddy concert and then I wait
the Comanche the Comanche has to
be good good at
end or rather it is literally full Dallas
His activity right now is full of Dallas
Okay
eh without further ado
Okay, and I don't see that Dallas
is talking about him that Dallas has
sweated all over the [ __ ] or with it which
would continue to charge against Dallas
would start by telling us that he already
would have leaked what the video is about
Dallas to Animu YF or whatever your name is
Don't put a watermark here if you want.
There is a dislike watermark here
dislike ouf although I don't know how to give it
dislike in
Twitter
Uncle can't fall any further
low is that there is no more is that there is no more
more is that there is no more No
Mater Fleo, whatever your name is, don't involve me
here a watermark if there is one here
watermark dislike dislike an outer
flay even if you can't dislike it
on Twitter okay the point is that I
They leaked it as a harassment account
literal
eh, so it's literally an account of
harassment that starts messing with you
his physique to
harass her a little bit because the testimony
of the person who had given
information to Dallas so that he has it
for the video the famous video since you
surprise No no no no no it doesn't hurt anymore
I'm not surprised at all. Receive a kiss. Many thanks.
thanks is the dumbest stupid thing
that this has been ridiculous for a long time, eh?
we are talking about that they love him
accuse him of flipping NFTs
nimu bought duck nfts and made money
selling duck nfts or something like that and
and then in some cases
direct commented Look, I have these
These nfts are now arriving to me.
offers but they are worth less than what I
I paid for them so I'm sorry
losing my God that they stop her for
Please stop her, eh? Because it won't be
that he has promised will be done
millionaires to their entire audience
buying his collection of I don't know what
because I have not had any collection of
nfd has had nothing, let me explain.
totally absurd is a smoke bomb
bad as hell Because yes yes you will give
had the nerve to criticize that
So what do you think of Pam what do you think of
the piece of [ __ ] he has made
you know it's an extreme madness no
then on the other hand it is seen that the same
person who leaked because this great
information no buah madness must be
Sherlock Holmes bad eh He also said that
Of course Nimu was with a
boy named Toby who is her ex-partner and
who didn't say he was her boyfriend Oh wow
Now they're going to have to stop her too.
for trying to have privacy too
Are you going to stop her too? Or are you going to stop me?
arrest me for having been hiding
for months that we were a couple
want to have privacy or you have to
come you to filter the relationships that
one has and break the Honor Code
that you have with the people you
They trust you to tell you that with with
who you are or who you stop being with
Of course, what a trickster, you know, be careful.
She had a boyfriend and she didn't say it, okay?
What happens is that then he leaves it and starts to
going out with this ex-manager, this I don't know.
Kenzo I think is the name of the one
He was there before me and nothing just
That guy was a figure, well, he was a figure.
public or whatever it is takes it out more
etcetera no and the other Tobi gets
jealous, he gets angry and then he goes to
discord and says no it's not that I really feel like it
He is a bad person because he drinks alcohol.
He is a bad person because I don't know
insert did not help to cross an old man to
the street, man, you're going to eat my balls
Tobi
My hair is that you've been here for a while now.
subscribed because you have to subscribe to
comment and you will get something with the
emojis okay wait I'm going to put you in
screen son that is going to give you something and you have
posted the comment a million times
And how about the $1,000 you got, Javi?
I say I say 10500 doggy doggy doggy
bread bee puppy
in graphics, okay, it's good, it's very good.
How are they going to be? Well, very well. Better.
they are the same as
yesterday what can I tell you son, well very well how
They're going to be really [ __ ] awesome.
luxury Is that this
Of course it would continue loading because they haven't
put the TT not of delox This is that this is
that he is taking it for granted that the
Dallas is preparing an animated video for him.
I have just received information that
Dallas could be preparing a video
with n chat that have already been denied
to attack her again and continue with
his smoke bomb to avoid responding to
what happened with Pambi uncle But this is a
meme literally the bomb thing
smoke is that the colleague is still following
saying they don't want to talk about Pambi
and I have been here on a live 7
hours or 6 hours with the pambi dasas ha
made a video has responded to the
leak that he made of his
conversations have answered everything here
the [ __ ] Pambi team who doesn't
talk about Pambi, that is, now everything that
It is said that it is good, I carry all the [ __ ]
week saying what I want
you ok I'm going to all the channels
all the
haters but but but you have to
talk only about
Pambi is fine, but anyway
I don't believe that Dallas is
preparing any [ __ ] video eh or that is the
Dallas I think is preparing others
videos of other gossip eh
Dasas is not going to give any more attention to this or
is that the last time you dasas
mentioned something about these people was
in the other in the live that had
Here How long has it been since the live broadcast that you had
Here wait for your moment that you are going to me
see my income and you will also
say
that the live show from Dallas here was on the 29th
I curse my life, the 29th was [ __ ] ago
now a week uncle the Dallas has a
[ __ ] week without talking about this
man a week and this has been
talking about Dallas everyone everyone everyone
every day in all the live shows
since pambi have dealt with
Dallas Dallas is busy is that is that
Of course now if Dallas releases a video or
what morning afternoon night no no your
Internet activity is
Dallas but he has done 4000 there
little creatures that have given it a like
comments
hidden has already hidden this comment
shut up old man
crafty wishing fountain
They're both [ __ ] crazy, trust them.
comments you are hiding and
blocking the fear that eats away at you
Something to hide, of course, is that we are going to
see when the other one comes out, of course I
I don't understand this, let's see these
nimu chats What
I had a fight with Axel, he's an idiot
I don't know if we have discussed this.
on some occasion or not but I have already told you
I said that I am not going to go to Nimu
eh, I could obviously talk about Nimu
As a streamer that is fine but after
having had a relationship with delox
I'm not as dirty as him and no
I have the same way of being as he does.
And I, for example, now put myself to
check if these messages are
true or not or whatever it would seem to me
as if you could see that I attack
Nimu and Nimu have not done anything to me. And
On top of that, she's his partner. So I'm not going to
I'm not even going to watch this. It's okay if
is it true or is it a lie? It sounds to me that
We talked about it, I don't remember if it was true
or lie no I don't remember okay but
but Dallas hasn't released it yet, that is.
Let's see, they are talking about something
that has not
the past will be [ __ ] for them so
dasas can get out of it but it is that
Let's see if Dalas takes it out then.
then you do it
You deny what you have to say
but of course everything goes on all day
taking out no no Dallas is going to release a video
about this and this I deny and to date
next no no that the video that is going to
take out Dallas is also going to take this out O
be one day he said that Dallas was
the video that Dallas aimu was going to release
It was about some duck nft on the click
that we have seen now on Twitter goes and
says the Dallas video is going to be about
about these
catches boy Wait for him to take out the
video and if you release the video then you release it
your bombs
no and if that weren't enough also
He would like to defame me again
saying that I have recorded girls or
some nonsense of that style is
It is obvious that this is completely false
and would confirm the clear desperation that
Dalas has to prevent people from talking about
Pambi and this kid
is putting the bandage before the
hurt but really eh I mean it's not anymore
that is putting the bandage before the
wound It is that for me that Dallas is going to
move on from this
Man, I think so. I hope I don't.
I was wrong. I hope I'm not.
I made a mistake for this boy.
simo
Hey what Karime?
wow later on it didn't bore me and
But what minute do you want me to see?
Karime in front of the contact that is
signed But
that with
money wanted to make two successes and falls
the one from Delox and the one from Dallas but Tan
soon but Tom one thing What elements
has to have a public figure
well well that abuse everything that friend
but it doesn't give you almost any function
new and
are how many times do you do the cu five no
I know four one there that when I don't know
What a minute! Ah, great, Karime.
great there at the evening will be a
a little
of you can have on the list of best
friends etc. But
Now you think it's the worst thing in the world, I think.
Yes, within all things
bad there are several people who have been
wondering why everyone
jumps over Dallas's neck and I think that
The answer is obvious because you were the one
idiot who pointed at the whole universe started
to go out with a girl
Start dude, I get a [ __ ] promo
Dude, I'm going to raise the price after
the evening with two subs
because I don't trust him, man, I don't trust him.
true no the truth that I think so
I fight, I win it, eh. I don't know what
minute supposedly with impes well Ah
look here here here
here are specific moments
advisors ask such and such is fine but
that he is not
a so that c reads all your tweets is the
that you Exactly is that of the extracts
that I contributed if it
clear eh And it's like Ricky edited the
The big bomb is that Daas uses contracts
confidentiality Trump famously made
sign one to Stormy Daniels so that he doesn't
Slandering is standard among celebrities.
I forgot that example we dealt with in the
main channel but had very few
views that video clicked in order of
distance that I don't know is good for
start you already know that I think he accepted
the debate is no longer [ __ ] or not that If I
I suggest that with the kid who told him
how to do it actively than it was
the promotion of the dogin That is to say he
I was interested in that topic, so 100% yes, yes, I was
I think he did report it to see if it exists
I just want this debate in person
from jaira and not knowing about cryptocurrency with
a restraining order obviously does not
He's going to accept it. Then it's already hck.
mate
and regarding Javi Oliveira and
not knowing about cryptocurrencies It is that you
They are bringing up things from the past like that
eh in 2021
I don't know if he actively participated in it
which was the promotion for the dog goin O
whether he was interested in that
topic and what the mother who gave birth to me that
I put some t of dog Coin that I participated
in Dog Coin
Damn, I don't remember what had been said
many times in public I earn a lot of money
with which he has won a lot and which he has lost
But he, to make this clear, he won.
this with your knowledge or with
external consulting with The boy who
He said how to do it supposedly with
impes well let's see I would have done it the same way
not equal to the best would have been more
clumsy and it would have taken longer, I don't know if
I would have gotten more or less because that is
a little not the market no but there would have been
I would have bought on my own
I would have already moved here, fiddling around
a little bit would have taken longer maybe and
maybe I would have been worse or
The best thing is that you don't know without investing, man.
It is true that Invest's help was
very good the truth you know But I
I always have
I said I buy cryptocurrency not daily no
daily is not something we even go to
every month maybe if not when
I see some little thing So I say Ah I'm going to
put it in here to see what
comes out yes
There is bad. No, it's been three or four years now.
Jai saying that he was investing no
I know what this and that I believe sincerely
my personal opinion that knowledge
has now that at times in
specific to see
knowledge knowledge to see
Of course I know what a cryptocurrency is.
how it works and that's why when I saw that
eh when the coin fell that night
before they fell before they
they will begin to
to leave Is that a covert insult?
because doge is
dog basic knowledge to see Karim
It's not even knowledge
basic no I consider that what I have
be a basic knowledge I consider that
be a little of what goes in the sense
that if I see that suddenly a
cryptocurrency and it falls 80% I don't get involved
to say it has been a scam it has been a
scam that's why the day that when
fell the day after the announcement when
It fell so much I saw everyone scammed
It was a scam, it was a scam, okay. Eh.
Well, I said, but let's see if it is that
the first clear day I knew for myself
part that maybe I had to
to have said No if I had said it to the
It is better if I had said it to the
I would have better had more arguments but
If I had already said it, people would have already said it too.
would have pointed me out anyway
They would have said that I earned money because
I know the other one, okay, but of course I'm the one
first day when when it fell I say but
let's see if it is that anyway
Yes, a lot of rain has fallen during the night.
previous one that was in eh in the ad
no and everyone started selling it
ad falls okay but it is that even after
from the fall and what I have is no longer mine
I would have what was left to me
still valid but it is suitable from
Here up to here it has been done still some
has eaten a few from scratch yet
From here to here you still understand me with the
fallen and had already eaten a few
zeros dig I no no I don't see the scam here
the truth you know then H it's not that I
I know I don't even know how to read a candle.
You don't understand a single graph, I don't know if one
graphic, that is, I don't know how to read you, nothing is worth it
But I do know that it is a very
volatile that suddenly any of
suddenly people start buying
because on Twitter something goes viral and
It gets hot and is super volatile and it gets you high
50% one day or 200 for one day, see
Of course when I say I don't know about Christ
when I here begin to say that I
I don't know when the delon brings up the subject.
When the other person brings up the subject of what
I mean, I don't, I don't have
knowledge to refute or to me for
example the wallet issue
Okay, I get ret and I get the
Dallas and the other one comes to me and explains to me
the thing about the wallet and he says no no
is that this can be done because this
it's mark mark I don't know what I don't know how much
I have no [ __ ] idea what they told me
I can't refute you nor can I tell you
that yes nor that no is worth it And now later
the other one came and told me something else that
I can't refute him either, you understand?
you know like a washing machine of course, let's see
If we put it that way, knowing a little bit is enough
You are already an expert, so what are you doing?
all the moves you've had you've
learned something about laws and it's okay
But that doesn't make you a lawyer anymore.
point Which is why it doesn't make sense
Cryptocurrencies, how many times have I told you?
Here eh Well I think that this trial
is going to win and lose it
Do you understand when the crypto channel
oliveira Pu when I have a space, sir
you know but of course I think it is understood
When I say that I don't know about
cryptocurrency I have videos talking about
some cryptocurrency you understand me but
When I say to me, don't talk to me about
Pambi, which I have no [ __ ] idea about.
because he wants to debate something with me
about one about the functioning of one
cryptocurrency and I'm not going to tell you that
know neither to refute nor not to refute nor do I come
I come here to debate about that.
of what you have done to me of your
personal issue with me how am I going to
defend a currency if the currency is not
mine nor do I have any arguments for
defend it neither to not defend it nor to
nothing or that is yours with
Dallas you know and and and it and they link it like
saying Oh, he said he doesn't know
But he won
money asks such and such is worth it but what
He is not a It's not that he doesn't have any
kind of look that what I kiss her
Carlos handsome people say he had
insider information
Sources is that the fact of proving that
Javi had privileged information
It would be that some conversations come out that
the one with Dallas or someone
from the team that they tell him Hey Javi sells
Hey Javi buys Hey
such point number one will not come out
never conversations like that because no
there are ok point number two
buy we are going to take out an ad we are going to
Let's list these things, they are things that are
They said in public, do you understand me?
They themselves put it on Twitter and in
the direct ones and in things you understand me
That is, it is not privileged at all, period.
number two there is no information
privileged people, of course
that what you want to spin first is
that I bought before anyone else That's it
said delos in his defamatory tweet okay
You see the graph and you see the date and no
I buy before anyone else I buy now when
It has gone viral then point there
you lie to them knowing that they are worth lying and
point and the other point is when I sell
Of course, what they imply is that
insider information is that they
They knew the coin was going to fall and
Then they tell me that they are going to fall and
I sell but it's like good it would have been
taken out all the money, all the money, no
all all my tokens no half no and
Apart from that I don't sell only in
At that point I was selling two or three
sometimes from time to time every time
I had a climb and he told me, "Let's go."
take a little bit Javi that I told him
sometimes and I put up with it and he
Javi said we have to start taking a
you know little, you have to start taking a
little bit and I what I believed that that
night because I was going to get a little bit and
After a few days it would rise more and
I would take another little bit and that would be fine but
It is clear that what they are insinuating
as insider information is that the
team knows that I was going to fall and then I
they warn and it is
as people do not they I think they
They themselves did not know that this was going to fall, okay?
That is, it fell because people started to
sell and after that it continued
buying continued selling of course not
there is no privileged information or
It's that you're not understanding me.
many people the point is not that
it cannot be done
demonstrate it is not about there being a
my conversation with Dallas talking
on the subject or not it is about that not
there is no information that could be
privileged because there is nothing of the
cryptocurrency that was not known in
public me
You understand, you were lucky and that's it, but it's not
luck let's see it's not luck man or
Let's see if a cryptocurrency comes out.
a
influencer and it is quite likely that
go up there if you buy it in
On the first day it went viral I
you understand I mean there is no
And that is obviously not on top
from the table they need a message
a call with someone who tells you
buy here and sell here and be part
You can't say that the team had
insider information because because
bought well and sold well and that's it
There is the line To What Extent Do You
you have privileged information or know
invest
Clearly the line there is that then
by that rule of three there are many people
that guy from Pambi got a lot of money
It is a reality that there are many people who
has made a lot of money, by the way
Here we could open a little with the
Dallas video I don't know if you've seen it
that the panis sank the
project, eh, son of a [ __ ], son of a [ __ ]
Let's go step by step, first the snipers
Filthy bots then whales
malicious this I do not remember
who in points
keys in two but also sold in
others in which to see one puts one
that you realize that it is very down put
Javi sold a lot of money in points
keys because it is the nonsense that has
said delox in points
keys at key points but as if
it was a key point as if it were a
key point on the day of
Advertisement man if the other one explained it to me
day If you tell me that a Wednesday
in the morning suddenly I sell and
Just after I sold the coin
It's going to zero, host. Well, you host, what
suspicious but the key point is
he
ad in two but also sold in
others in which he lost just one minute
before the currency crash that is
fake it wasn't a minute before they tell you
kids
that the problem is that it is the
problem the question is that Javi where
purchase is practically impossible not to
sell a better point or he buys it
when it is worth
0.0005 if I'm not mistaken
It's No man Yes let's see a couple of hours
before or so if I had been in
the group is no longer just in the group of
Discord
And let's see, apparently, and this is what we have gone through.
seeing after days
and big Uncle Sur and here the goat
in those parts eh And the other one is quiet eh
the one who posted the TT with the tweet so
disgusting that put son of a [ __ ] of your
mother something like that that made me quiet
eh and that could be the right time
so that he would be a gentleman and say Hey
sorry for the you and I'll delete it okay But
Well, there is the evil of each one and there
each one is shown and the currency went up
like a very fast rocket okay And I don't
I bought it at the best point I bought it
when the hours passed and there was already
many many people I would say I don't know if
thousands would have to see it I don't know if that is
you can check but
The thing is that apparently Dallas
He had already warned about it a few days before
about what
came out and was already warning that
I was going to take out a crypto okay And then
the people on his discord were already on the
waiting for Dallas to announce it I don't
You understand me, come on, I had the chance
that watching TV with my wife in
one of these that look at the mobile
That hashtag came out on Twitter
when it comes to values ​​it is worth instead of
be Hash like this with the symbol That is with
the dollar symbol Okay when this
what are you talking about here and I already got in
I put in I put in Pin Pin Pin and that's it until
One thing took me away, the other I saw that all the
world is talking like that And then
I got this Twitter account from
panic Coin and I saw that inbes was following him And
so when I talk to him but yes that he knows
could have entered better I mean yes yes you
if you know that a coin is going to be taken out
and you are waiting for the announcement then
You are there, pending, you have the sun
prepared you understand me so that in the
moment in which it comes out
buy it at the time you buy it
you know how to buy but of course I don't
caught prepared I took a long time to
buy it because no ...
insider information didn't know that
that was going to come out, you understand?
eh but yes, those who two hours before or
whether you were buying two hours before or not
the one I bought, look there it is, invest
Okay, there I have my living proof, okay.
He bought an hour before me or so
I think or but a couple of hours before or
three was much more than what I got
me a couple of hours before
And your friend who warned you won more there
It is if he wants it
say if he wants to say it that he does
digao then sells it in almost any
moment that a profi is going to take it out of you
the host almost at any time almost
in any guy to see the movement
perfect would have been the movement
the sale is not bad it could have been
better That is, the sale, not the purchase, no
It is obviously wrong, it is very good
buy a melon that has not been
opened by turning it over it would not be dexel
that he did have privileged information
and I knew Dallas was going to release a meme
Coin who tells us that he didn't buy it?
I knew ah
Well, but that is a
brutal speculation I do not base myself on
speculations eh Look inv puts XD let's see
The Movida here is when I bought
It was good but of course a movement
perfect as [ __ ] it would have been not
never sell or never sell
until only the moment of the announcement
No, that would have been a moment already.
damn there I think there would be
I don't know if I took 40
50 Well there I got something and that's it.
market bro but it doesn't make sense
Also, people are so easy to deal with.
accuse are just like Dallas wears the
People, how easy it is to accuse
someone of something that you have no proof of
is that he bought and sold well and you stop
accuse someone you have to you have to
to do it you have to have one
proof that someone did it
Dorian You have a chat with Javi
Dallas telling him to sell it here if he doesn't
but it's not even that, it's why
less one
a
How a clue, a clue, that is, is that
simply Ah won whale
malicious were the whales that
They sold many thousands of punches and
They knocked down many of them with blows, that's it.
another point invest Yes well let's see that I
I say it as a joke, we sold
we sold twice and a little bit
little bit I mean if we had
taken we would have gotten much more but
we would have dropped the price for sure
No
because we would have participated of course
because if you add inv plus me Man something
more would have pushed the price up
down if we had sold everything
It's not that we didn't sell everything
because we didn't know that was going to happen
damn, let's see, it's obviously
a meme coins you know that at some point
moment no it's not going to be infinite but I
I thought it was going to last, I don't know, months.
weeks or I don't know who knows it's clear
What I was thinking was, [ __ ], that the
Dallas has a community, dude, he has one.
one of the best uncle communities in this
sense Eh many times maybe paba
the sign of a fall and running the
recovered by the community that it has
Uncle, you have it, it's not information
privileged what happens is that what
Yes, it is true that the figure of
Javi with all this controversy now then
uncle has had the move with this and
that Then the bulk of people who
They already have it against them. Therefore, it is
How could this guy not have been told when
buy when to sell that Joel
I'm not sure that many people believe that Javi is no longer there.
have talked about this correct correct
at the level or what people think
I don't know what he said
nauter in his videos on this topic The
truth depends on what has been said because
This also affects the opinion of the
people I know that for example
Cel was logical and told me that he doesn't have it
It made no sense at all because if Javi had
There are so many arguments, okay?
for example it was said that Tataj nor Pio
eh of course let's see if yes of course it says
It's not that at the level of people also a
little is carried away by what people
No. That is, for example, if the stutter comes out
saying [ __ ] son of a [ __ ] [ __ ]
son of a [ __ ] what a filthy man How was it?
what he said How was what he said
Hey, he stutters, he stutters, he said like
[ __ ] son of a [ __ ] I don't know what what
clear sloppy then the community of
stutter what
Now I understand for example that
Uncle Sh, for example, threw me a cape
very good because he tweeted that I neither nor
had fallen because he did not know that the
Dallas had already put t before eh a
lots of
things that are already different from what they are
that we believe Eh that's another thing
moved obviously and I said it in my in
my video I think this to Javi For more
that there is no guilt even if there is
done because they were told to and such
It's obviously a [ __ ] truck
above your house you know or want or
You don't want to be a man. Of course, but you have to
keep in mind that it is a truck
[ __ ] that a guy threw at me eh what has he
come here to clean up your image, okay?
a guy who has a lot of news
that they accuse him of fraud a lot
news a lot of people on top of that
accuses him of fraud and the whole thing is
has given to kib bos has been given here the
opportunity and for the [ __ ] face he has thrown
that shitty truck because it has
fought with the other one, you understand me? I mean
that what he has tried to do is cause my
opinion you understand me in fact Well there is
One thing I haven't told you because I haven't
It belongs to me, it is a thing that he
He told a third person about
This is worth it, but well, if one day the
another person wants to tell them that
count because the intention that has
had is very bad is like armed coercion
to get me on his side
Do you understand the delox? I mean delox.
And well, I think that with the passage of time
the days people do it is true that
has realized
of of of that is bad Okay then
any information that I have given
I fully understand that there are people
that he has doubted but man when
There have been people more or less who have said
listen to me even though I am not with you
Javi in ​​a lot of things this is a
dude this doesn't make sense
Okay, if we start calling
criminal, swindler, abuser of people
as it is as they did
pambisitos at the time we are neither
We are doing neither better nor worse than them.
Exactly the same is more we are at a
step of creating the new Dallas with that
[ __ ], this is a joke of mine, grandpa.
but I suspect that Nacho's friend
delox meme expert Coin did play
with insider info from delox
and for me it was Nacho who leaked it in
forocoches before the discord of
Dallas But I can't base myself
in conjecture we will see It is that it is
like the accusation that I made against myself
Delox does well, but Delox doesn't do it.
not even in conjecture because delox does
knows about cryptos or maybe there is
zoomed in on the side we saw
as delox lies about the la
Graph and cut it out and put it in your
straight to say that I did not buy
after the fall nor did I sell after
the fall you understand me he lies with the
intention to tarnish my image you know
eh but for example the rest of the people
on Twitter who have followed that mantra
Well, it has been low
conjectures is that they are literally in
a way of wanting to throw [ __ ] at
someone who literally did nothing
What he did was earn money with a
cryptocurrency that was
publish my peace with gibel Eh my peace with
gibel there eh a gentleman there eh I don't
I expected that attitude from her.
true that by
For example, I don't know, Tomy, if I talk about the topic.
but for example, he stutters brutally, eh, I mean
take advantage of the fact that you have something personal with
someone or some resque morillo with
someone or whatever to throw [ __ ]
unfair says a lot about you
Okay, so I just had a fight with Gbel.
a month ago and suddenly this comes out and
says no no no
no This is not
So this is appreciated, man, and this helps.
because there was a tweet with a million
visits that you want that you don't get
throw [ __ ] Then I have this in
account I will be in many disagreements with
gibel in other things and I will say host I ca
a d but I already for example from
Now when I see something that makes me feel
Bad on Gibel's part, because I'm not going to do it
treat
You may or may not understand me because later
They say no, it's not that you no, it's not that this is
So I owe it to Uncle Sh too and you know
I don't know what nauter said about
example I don't know what he said
Tommy I don't know what he said, he stutters.
because he posted the tweet you understand me but
But that's how Javi's audio is.
It kills me but what's wrong with him?
audio
Even Elton gave you a helping hand, yes it is.
It's true that I saw Elton, I saw him.
They sent it but it is literally that
I haven't done anything
You know sel was also consistent already already or
Sea what Sel did was great too
because there are guidelines that are not audiences that
They are damn, they are contrary to me more or less
They don't have an audience that might be
more contrary to me and that his/her own comes out
your youtuber and say this kind of things
[ __ ]
you know It is appreciated Damn it seems to me
gentlemen and utbh also I also gave it to him
thanks to utbh Yes actually in
reality most eh actually the
majority is that it would be too much for them to be
lying with that damn Well there you have it
T of the stutterer there you have the T of the
stuttering
So what did he do just like Javi won?
that amount of money easily
He could have done it too. Only he
did not sell at certain times jold
gave him attention but it was already
after not when when he bought and apart
that is that he bought very little is that yes
You buy 50 I think they were I follow you
for years but this is the first time
I'll see you live. Greetings from the States.
United already makes the mini Javi a kiss
Sir, thank you very much
Javi bought late but very little
how much
bought is that if you play with very little
the percentage when moving is very
little or the
That's why I do think it's true that in
I put very little into this one but that was because it was the
that
It occurred to me that day, the truth But
I usually don't know a thousand pavilions I usually give him
put the best into things Why
Because nothing but nothing moves
You only know that it moves as it is so
volatile with n that goes up a little
percentage if you have entered an amount
more or less the percentage knows But
If you put in very little, if you put in 20 euros, it's already
that has to be multiplied by 1000
so you can see some color that happens
I understand for jo I don't understand juice in
against two points be associated with
Dallas point number one and then two go
constantly saying that he didn't have any
[ __ ] idea that crom currency already good
I have already explained this before.
worth what it's about and what I want
say when I have but let's go that
I still maintain that I don't have a [ __ ] thing
cryptocurrency idea So I mean, I
You keep saying no but it's that Pambi
look this W is associated with the other one no
I know what I don't know, I don't have a [ __ ] clue.
defend yourself that or argue that or
You're welcome, that's why a live stream was made here.
6 hours with everyone involved
each one giving their explanations and there
is where people have to get you know
I mean, I'm not going to say anything.
thing nor the other man I what
I understand that a scam If you can
buy and you can sell is not what
I understand But come on I don't know I don't know
argument Telo because I don't know, I don't even know
read you a candle of that you don't know why
You don't want to but you know it's not a world
that I mean no no no it doesn't amuse me
no, I don't find it interesting alone
I want money, do you understand me? But why?
Well
because because I earn well it's worth it I earn well and
So I don't mind saying, Hey, well
I'm going to put 300 turf and 500 turf here.
in case it multiplies you understand me Hey
that I lose it Well, look, I have lost
Hey
you know but nothing more but it's that no no me
I'm interested in learning because I'm not interested
you have to dedicate yourself to being aware of that
that Christ comes out of you know what
I tell you, I mean, I'm not interested.
When I see a look the other day I
I ate a huge turd
because Sydney's account was hacked
It's called a very pretty girl who
It is very fashionable now a TR is worth it
They hacked the account and Luare comes to me and
you tell me you you T T T you
em has taken a mem Coin sney siwi swi
no or siwi or something like that is called a girl
very pretty, very nice girl
I tell you but it's true and he tells me it's the
her original Twitter account has
a million and a bit of followers total Me
I automatically had some
solanas there prepared for the cage that goes
to take out a token too and I take it with
all my balls and it
I put Vale and after a while it turned out that he
the girl's account had been hacked
He deleted all the tweets and I lost nothing.
there I don't know how much
I lost I told you don't invest because I have
left with half of the solanas that
I had to have it there ready for
to have it shot not for that to stop
when something happens you know but it's just
Surely. Maybe I know that.
I would have asked some idiots and I would have
said imb stay still that is a
hacking
jica a
kiss but what do I know I saw a tweet in a
original account and I say running
before anyone else
I know what I'm telling you bro but I'm not going to
say aori uncle you will know what he does with
your money you understand me there are no more of those
That's what played against her because
the gathering when he went up with Delox
He said twice, it's not that I don't have any
idea that's like a casino such and such
Which one? And I don't change it.
It's that he who doesn't change it doesn't change it
Understand, I can't explain it to you anymore.
otherwise you know and in Casino no
you can always
win and when I win always with the
Cryptocurrencies, hey guys, watch this, Moreno
white Uh white in a point Brown
white and strong trucker's arm
eho What a rich straw would come out with
I'm supposedly going to charge for
react hopefully it comes out with eh that I don't know
know that it has not been discussed that no
nothing has been said. That's it.
You're not quiet, huh?
[Music]
in us
surprises you
surprises you, surprises you
something to something more eh that
see question one if the solana is that of
your house huh
doubt you deleted me from the copy group
tradin that you recommended
all saving years of work
scam trash I just detected your
crypto wallet and you are one of the
largest holders of p coins But according to you
you are not bread visit rarete not that you have
bought p before everyone knew about it
contract first
Well, if what happened with Javier is true,
admitted to me that seems strange because
He was supposed to know nothing about cryptos.
Uncle was lucky, it seems that he had
asked who knows who with whom
takes and that person had told him that
made the movements that he made and the
teaching but well, I already, I already, to me,
topic I'm bored with the
It's true that the microphone is starting to bother me.
break the eggs because they were falling
while recording also Thank goodness
I saw it in the bullring and saw how it was done
smaller than your penis
lelo if there is something I learned from gibel
in addition to lumping and the most forms
suitable to hide CP Is that the only
The way I would do something like that would be
for money but a lot of money from 00 and
I make a lot of money to do it
that is to say 100,000 100,000 times the name
divai there have to be 10 green sticks
on top of the table
100,000 times a turkey said the name of
I went to be invited to the evening
Imagine if you are going to be there for 17 hours.
saying ibai mother
delox why delox is whitening
kcu
with the stupidity that before I didn't
I knew what it was like, what it was
is trying to do because with
This no no no I don't understand it I don't understand it
I understand that he says he is not loyal to his country.
Uncle had more things to see there
No, let's see a little.
Good 100% you believe what AR gre said
There is something you believe 100% Yes Te
You should bet like I said before.
you would say that there was something or in your
personal opinion my personal opinion my
opal
wow and you think F seems to speak
also information eh Not just opinion
without information eho a
opinion let's see but we have already said that
We have already done that
said then
This is practically what Dallas is all about.
which also came out today which is like another
new project but I didn't understand it
much to see I am very happy to
announce to all the creators
modern illustrators and others
images or short videos you will soon have
My next big project is available
skiwi Who will benefit everyone
that you are fed up with uploading photos in
Instagram without charging absolutely anything
That is why you are forced in the end
to have a patreon or an ol fan to
be able to charge for images or videos
shorts that you are making how
will work in skiwi we will share ing
That's for advertising with the creators
approved our system of
recommendation will be
public no more exploding your head
About uploading a re or a photo for the end
not end up uploading anything and that your
followers don't see your
post imagine a mix between
Instagram and olifan, well, something like that.
subscribers plus private messaging
combined with the correct fit of
Instagram plus paid advertising yours
public photos
That is, your followers pay you to be able to
talk
with you this way your fans can
make sure that you are going to answer their
dms will not be buried among thousands
of requests
as you will be able to feel that the time that
you dedicate yourself to answering him that is part
of your work is also being
rewarded Ah Hey well that's not bad Hey
Well, this part seems interesting to me, huh?
This part seems interesting to me
Eh yes that's true, I don't even answer to one
[ __ ] message for the same thing eh me not
I reply to a [ __ ] message that I
Please send for the same because I don't have
time and that time will cost me
money to
In the end, I don't really put it.
Hey
people had something to do with Yuna
but not the
I have noticed and I don't know if
you too delox not to unsubscribe tweets
lives against Dallas and when
Dallas responds and Delox goes out to cry.
So Dallas still doesn't talk about Pambi.
wanting to throw a screen of
smoke so that no one talks about it
he the Gem coin inside his new
project that makes it a crypto
Well, you can believe places that I
it seems that it puts it
come on, I swear that somewhere
I saw that the crypto
Pambi could be one of the hosts.
Well it would be the [ __ ], eh, it would be a good one
idea that crypto also or that is to say that the
Pambi was accepted as
method because there it would be useful
the real currency does not O
That's what I think it was about being there. Well,
I wouldn't be here
Bad because if this is taken out, it is
So, let's see, I don't promise that I can do it.
upload content because I already more
content of which unless it is not
exclusive clear
If it is content that I can upload by
example Imagine the same re
that I upload on Tito here on Twitter and on
everywhere and on YouTube, I upload it, okay?
But the topic
I can upload messaging if you want
Talk to me there is fine And I will
I answered under payment obviously
Wait, he's talking to me.
luar Ah, Yuna Yuna experienced it live.
like what looks like a girl in a car
Red runs over a dog and then leaves
of the
place is not fenced anyway
I don't mind it
I hoped I didn't get it
I hoped it wasn't fenced
just like a dog
wait wait wait wait
wait but he took it but [ __ ]
Ayta the
[Applause]
camera and me this girl is 30 this
girl is my age in
seriously no
Damn, kid, damn, but of course the car
It was that one, that is to say, the car was that one.
it has been heard it has been heard the the
noise Where is the dog Where is the
dog the little dog ran away Ah sea le
hits the ground
kid, no, but you saw the
window
I'm not reading that here, but short
Damn dude, but no, this is in the
open window and school one and one
Go But where is it So quar the
police is that and Ban correcha eh se
Tell someone what language they are speaking.
it is safe
that you have to look at or that it lasts some time
since I don't know Catalan
or not
No, well, a [ __ ].
No, because I have seen it, he has seen it.
you have surely seen the car
license plate or something man it would be ideal that
not the
you put to see it was brown
clar let's see we are at the minute okay to
This red one has not been fenced
Maybe it was the red car, I understand.
No, then the red car has stopped.
after
there
niar Oh I don't know
for active bastards the
I don't know if it has subtitles, but it can
have subtitles
Spanish and automatically translate to
Spanish not just in case he speaks in
Catalan no noam
I'm scared. That's it, now we have to grab it.
the bronzes to carry Yes me too
wow guys I'm going to translate it Oh what is it
Valencian which is not Catalan which is
Valencian and Valencian does not hate it
YouTube why
and has been run over by a [ __ ] dog that
passed And the dog passed slowly but the
car uncle the car has given him time to
brake and it hasn't braked, you know, that is, it is
I've seen it on my face, I've seen it
I swear to you in my face
he has had time to brake
eh but the I mean I don't know if you have
seen the car because I have tried
record it like this a little without being seen
the car so you could see how damaged it was
that this is The Capo and so you could see the
license plate, dude, he's crazy, I don't know what I have
What to do now if yes Call the police
What the hell do I do if it doesn't have a license plate?
the [ __ ] dog doesn't have anything but it's just that
Of course, if he hits you so hard, though
has gone walking I feel afraid that he
has done a lot of damage inside and is
in the plan that you have to find it, you know V
to take it now to the
vet there's a dog barking I'm
listening I don't know if you have heard
you guys do take it because it's awesome
that has
stuck I thought there were seconds
cars is that you are at the tip of the
that after taking a photo they say it's there
in front of which the gos was brown
Claret, you guys with some of the guys that
I've only seen that when Ah but
It's not the red car that ran over you.
as the dog used to come out of the
house with the leash and everything, that is, I would be
I don't know if Salado had it or what but I
I saw his belt and it hit him
time to slow down because I have seen that
He had time to brake, he had time to
brake and yet he has taken it away O
whether it has hit the brakes and Der
Shaved something has not followed and according
He kept dragging him along. And then
the dog has stopped and gone away
forward and they have continued until here
the dog the important thing the dog dog
came out on his own two feet and went out towards
into the fields we are
We've been looking for it for a while and we haven't found it yet.
I went there to look for it but it's not there.
I'm going to need your information, okay, okay.
Of course, let's see.
you who had time to brake
but the strong thing is that it didn't hit
then drag it and when dragging it it doesn't
They stop and then leave and say they haven't
No dog was run over. That's it.
bad visual tenacity
And what have you seen? There have all been workers.
who have seen it
have seen it we have seen more people it is not
It's my thing that I say now that I was
full of Witnesses who think that the
It's the car's fault, not the dog's.
the dog has passed by was passing by It's that
I have seen how it has been left
looking towards the
car time you know 3000 people knew
who have heard it
all Well
I'll tell you the context now.
Aryan because they said they had touched him
the body and that and it didn't seem like that
had nothing in the abdomen and such had
by the nose it was bad that he had dragged it
Javi reacts it's not that I'm
listening to see I don't have much to do either
Let's see, I'm not getting it.
a lot of La Movida or rather It turns out that
the dog has run on its own two feet and
then the dog has not been made
I don't know how much damage it can be
illegal the one you know what I'm telling you
He even heard the dog bark when he
they did the blow Yes but of course if the
dog leaves and the one who has the car leaves
what crime would he have committed if he
dog has gone so you stay there
waiting for what if the dog has
gone Me
You understand that the ground is full of
blood and that the leg had a leg
front leg that I couldn't move
because well, there will be one. Thank you.
very handsome Thank you so much broken
surely and there will have been given it for
run away but that leg is broken
So the topic
I guess they're going to take it to the
veterinarian It is normal the booklet in
It is logical since he says that he already had the
booklet in hand to take it to the
less were going to 60 yo
I know as I have seen that I have seen the
dog cross and
I saw that I believe that a sudden stop can
give and he has given it and surely he has given it
They would have hit the dog but they didn't.
they would have given him the blow that they have given him
given and have not
braking But I imagine there won't be
maybe stopped because, eh, because let's see
It is also dangerous for you to hit a
Super dry braking on the road no
and you can put yourself and others in danger
your companions do not Then to the
better I mean I don't want to think that it's a
person who has said "hostia" to a dog and the
trop as if I were in GTA I don't
I imagine not that he didn't know how to react
no How did he escape from where he was running
because where I was passing is a
straight superg Rafa but it's that after
in the match everyone scores goals
But let's see. It's that you don't know.
how your mind and your body can react
body eh in a situation of
milliseconds man would be the ideal
everyone will react by braking in
a safe place that you are not going to eat
a blow from the one who comes behind does not
eh of course you can't hit a
brake because
Yes, it is very complicated, that is to say, you also
I say you don't have time to think if he comes
someone behind me, that is, you might take it
and you're going full speed and you see an animal
that crosses and you hit the brakes but why
your mind you don't even know if it's a
animal a child I don't know what he's seeing
someone crosses and you slam on the brakes and you
you don't think about whether someone is coming behind you and
you and you have an accident and cause a
accident you know is a lot of how
your body reacts in
milliseconds is worth it in that sense
look in that sense you know what I
driving I don't know if I've said it much
but I driving in that direction I have
some impressive reflections, just look at you
I am short-sighted but I am
driving or so in that sense I am mm
I have impressive reflexes
I drive very well because I was
I was a forklift driver for 13 years
wheelbarrow and the wheelbarrow was
basically it was It was a vehicle of
gasoline also you know And then in the
wheelbarrow I made you juggle or
sea ​​p Pam Pam squaring everything into spaces
so you maneuver like crazy, you know
So in that sense I
ugh driving I am let's go indurain no
Well Indurain drives
bicycle drives bicycles no but
Well, let's see what I want to tell you, eh?
What I mean is that I am very good
driving looks in slow motion the
car a loose injured dog can
provoke another
accident Look Tell me the place to look
this on camera
the car is slow, the girl who is driving is going
Looking at Luna Of course but this is
The car is not the one that runs over, it is not this one
ford the same
of course the girl is looking at
Moon
clear juna being a distraction in elen
also straight with the whole vision went
quickly to where I had to go because it is
a road that was under construction is worth it
In the end it's her fault and you see it is
which is a road with a vision is
perfect is a perfect straight line. Of course.
Well, if he looked at me, well, I don't know.
would have distracted you know why the arten
I'm ready to walk
I know it has been
[Laughs]
distracted, not the fault, I have it on me
you know, by going through there, you have to
look at the road
conen desis fast or
what at the moment that passed behind you
the car seems like the driver was going to you
Looking for that reason he has not had time to
stop so he doesn't look at me, you know. I mean
What I mean is, it's my fault.
What are you seeing, eh, the nonsense that
you are saying right now or rather they have
a [ __ ] dog ran over a guy in the
road, that is, I have gone to declare, I have gone
to look for I don't know what And now on top of that
It will be my fault, man, you are not here.
well eh from the head ual I hit a
I take a dip and put my head in the water
See if I can get over the shock, man.
Here you see a you won't see it a straight line
with great visibility what was seen
Have you not seen when we have passed by?
he
truck all p's fault you can't go
so
fast they have not been able to see that is why that is
It's a shame, but I'm going to take the straight line.
I'll take it out so you can see it
How can it be seen perfectly that I do not
I tell you that it can't happen to you that you can
run over a dog and I'm not saying that either
you have to put your life in danger to
eh Not to run over but he had time
He had time to stop and it is a straight line
What man do you see, what do you see? Where is the man?
and thank goodness I still say thank goodness
that I have opened the Stream that they wanted
who have fled less
It's bad if I tell you so few things happen that
the police when they said you can't
put a patrol to search and has
said police if I am the only one is the
The only police officer there is. Okay then for
I am the one who questions
since it cannot be recorded it has not been recorded
moment when the dog has come out
It can be known that it is the dog's fault
if the owner is to blame or who is to blame
Blame is worth damn Dallas this is it
It's your fault and your cpto and you Javi that
with privileged information you have made
Let the car escape without shame now
that is not recorded for me the kit
The question is who gives it to you
escape So if the guy has given the
escape with him
car for me is guilty you know for me
The ugly thing is that he drags it and then it doesn't
stop but let's see The Movida here is
at the point where the other escapes
The dog had already left because it is clear
It's one thing for you to leave the animal in the
ground and you leave but if the animal comes out
running to the mountain and you and you
you are clear about what else you can do
Do you understand me or not? That's what it is.
It's what I don't get, she says that neither
stopped so no, he didn't know if the
dog left or was left behind is not the case
that you are me
saying But then the driver doesn't
is the one we have seen because that car
red if we have seen it stopped after O
be the red car then she when she is
Here with the people looking for the dog
red car is stopped then it is
another car is not the red one we saw
there in the
camera whether the car
is the one that has stopped, that is, if the car
It is the one we saw here that was
looking at Yuna that people also think about it
is saying no and she doesn't say that
No, it's the same car, do you have the BMW?
No
having run over a dog that we have
seen it all because they have seen it
because the road was under construction. Okay.
then the road is that also
I have recorded the entire road of the workers
were also around then if you
you are passing by the road okay
there are the workers
Hey, there are the workers, you can't go to the
speed you're going you're going
too fast for what it is
road and on top of that you run away and
You say HM that you haven't seen any [ __ ]
EITHER
be that what how what presumption of
You are giving innocence to those
people have not you thought that the
driver was looking at a
streamer and that's why he didn't see the dog And
Maybe he stopped when he heard your screams and
He didn't realize that the accident
Of course it was because I said, wow, right?
my goodness my goodness I said my goodness
My goodness, then he hasn't noticed.
that he had run over a dog in short
I think all this is a bomb
smoke not to talk about Pambi you are
messing around no no no no I don't think this is a
smoke bomb to avoid talking about Pambi
boys to
see
Of course, of course, let's see, this is the one
car and then the car stops or rather the
car yes
why is it that happens then the
car left they didn't call
the police took the car and left
But why would he stay if the dog
No
I don't know, dude. Hey, there's nothing else to do.
we have to see not sel and several
Streamers unhappy with payment
Kick this little island on the right is from
purple color and this one here is colored
green there are streamers who have jumped from
this little island to this little island for reasons
what reason some streamers have left
from this Island to this other Island it is worth
Please explain it with ships, I don't understand.
This is a ship And this is another ship
Okay, this boat is purple and
This boat is colored one moment and this
The boat is green, it's worth a few
streamers have jumped ship to
This other ship is worth it for some reasons
reasons As they treat me better I will
grow, I'm going to reinvent myself, okay, everything
This translates to there's money here
You can explain it but with cows and this
cow has here some teats and this is
another cow this is another cow okay
This cow also has her teats
It just happens to be purple and this other one is
green and this is the nipple okay this one
cow always had the same amount of
milk with which it is like good correct
It may seem better or worse to you, but it
you have accepted okay And this had one
nipple that big the nipple was
gigantic Because there was also very
few eh vaquit small it doesn't matter
I wish I had done this
with
crabs this cow this cow had one
big tit instead of a nipple and also
There were very few calves. Look at the
calves where are they you see how few
with which there was a lot of milk for little
calf is worth little calf What happens that
suddenly there were a lot of calves
Here Here there are many but here Always
there were many with which it is distributed And
You already know what you're going to get. You do.
you are a calf here you know that the teat
You're going to get it every I know every 15
days not a little milk but here
It all seemed wonderful because there was a
lots of milk from the giant tit and
Now there are a lot of calves with what
which now the nipple is not only
smaller than before but will reach
a point at which it is smaller than
the other cow's and in the end it will be one
nipple in plan it will be like this in plan
a nipple like very like very very
small and here what are you all going to do
These calves come back here and those who
We are taking only one teat
once every 15 days it will be our turn every 25
because those who have inflated themselves with milk
They will return, let me explain. But those of us who
We stayed here and we didn't win anything either.
because we still have the same
usual nipple and But I don't understand Or
be those who are in this nipple, okay
those who are in this nipple
Why are they going to earn less because those of
because those with the green nipple return O
whether yes yes yes they always earned the same amount
even when the other ones left
nipple because now when
They always come back, it always falls the same, no, or Twitch
will pay less because they are now returning
those who were there and then
The Green Cow people are going to come back.
I'll explain, have you understood? Can you?
explain it with pambi coins yes look at this
It is a graphic, this is Pambi Coin but
I don't know what it has to do with cows
I'm not making it up right now, they say it.
the streamers themselves attention this is
A cell phone tweet is worth it, I don't know what
content makes the truth someone in
the chat knows what content makes cel and it
go regularly Ah there are people who know
What content does Cel make? Ah, it's not that
I thought none of us saw that kind of thing
total cell content cell makes content
on the green platform and posted a tweet
which says if someone has any contact
with to ask why with 3,000
Media viewers earn $14 an hour
pass it here please who is
sad and says that in an hour and a
minute earned $14.79 Okay what is this This
It is the Masonic contract that wins
money per hour stream Ada is worth that much in
Twitch doesn't exist. Here I am not on Twitch.
I earn money per hour streaming Ada Si la
people subscribe I earn money from the
subscription but if not no and says no
understand why he only earns 14.79 now
the time apart from the subs and all that
Ok, apart from the fact that DJ Mario answers him
and he tells him and he tells him 14 bucks for not
do nothing and you complain in the end but it is
that Cela answers him Claro because I imagine
that you for making my Win for 45
minutes Dazon paid him in gum No
apart from what might happen to Cel and
DJ Mario, I'm not going to go there.
because I don't know this cell thing, it's not
the only one who has complained about this
history there is also another streamer who
It's called Tore 100, answer the cell phone in this one
case and puts for this reason I left it
At first everything was fine, then they stopped
responding to support every month decreases
from a message to kik because I
They are still on Twitter and on occasion
Well I've talked to them and chatted.
with them we were not seeing if yes Yes
I don't know what I don't know how much I don't know what
yes or no moment You already know it well
we are here no obviously it is no
and I told them Hey look what's happening to this
I gave you the cell phone Twitter if you
can you talk Please and they have passed the han
past the topic for the moment until the
I think two or three moments have passed
days and they have passed the subject eh And
They usually answer me, eh?
I don't know what other monkeys they bring here
but I think in the end this
Of course, the hourly rate, man, I'm
would remain on YouTube and that's it, YouTube and
period, so I have Kick here
open the Twitch thing open because there is
people who are there, that is, there are 300
people right now on Twitch and
and a while ago there were like 500 no
400 or 500 is worth it
[Music]
That's why I have it open there. I don't know if
These 200 people, 300 that there are or 400 that there are
There was before if I don't open on Twitch no
I know if they would join YouTube if it was added
If I knew they were joining YouTube
but I think not because I think that
I have different followers in each one
part is worth today I forgot to open in
Twitter is fine, but on Twitter too.
I usually open it but I don't know why I don't know
If I would add up, well I have
You're doing well there, you don't need anything here.
made they need you because I
pay me a contract for that thing
We pay you by the hour and so on, they pay me
a contract and I stream there okay but
Of course, a permanent contract is fine, right?
What do I tell you?
I would have to be
eh it would have to be more than what I earn in
YouTube obviously Okay, what can I say?
I m
in a year is that in a year what do I know
They have to make a contract that I know of
200,000 bucks or something like that and I stream and
then I upload the extracts to
YouTube 700,000 t that [ __ ] you have
past 10500 10500 a day no but 200
200,000 euros per year 200,000 per year
and fixed
Okay, we would be talking about X per month and
I also upload the excerpts to YouTube.
I continue uploading the excerpts to YouTube
until I basically pay pipes I know
people who have no problems and others
many cases like this boy's and the
I think that mine is a fault and at the same time
They are there but I would lose a little bit of the
magic eh would lose a bit of the magic eh
Because look for example the live
the other day something happened that suddenly came up
then Dallas went up then delox went up
That If it had been in Kick I don't know
Because if it had been in a kit,
better the one from El de El raen would not have been
been here on the live and would have
given to go up to the best Dallas either
I don't know what appears Or that is If there were
been a Kick or rather things uncle the the
main one is YouTube and there is one that is on
YouTube for me you have to be on YouTube
out saturated with so many people that
It moved suddenly and it's like there are poor things
They are probably saturated with the
amount of people who write to them and for
They don't answer that but then when they don't
Twitch people answer that it is not that in
Twitch doesn't listen to me but on kik they do.
Listen Well but those from kik will be
saturated not that cell complains that
now only charges
14.8 the time is I wonder what
Planet 15 per hour for streaming separately
What you earn from subs is poorly paid
I think I have never charged so much
hour in any job I've ever had
worked oe But what an idiot he is
Of course, let's see, she's an idiot. Let's see, it's that
Kick doesn't make sense okay or so no
makes sense Kick doesn't make sense
let's see
and let's see, stop comparing yourselves
the salary with the salary of the
construction and the supermarket of I don't know
What are we going to see, eh, kiik, it doesn't make sense
The only reason I would accept Kick is that
I have said a thousand times because they pay me one
nonsense thing for me to say I'm going to
farm the money and that's it, you know what I mean
But
He doesn't make any sense, of course.
Here you say, well, they pay you 15
the hour well they pay you 15 an hour
having How many viewers has he said
3000 spectators of course the
The problem is that on Kik the topic
Regarding the money issue, they give it to you because
They want. That is to say, it is not a distribution of
Twitch revenue you earn by sharing
of income just like on YouTube by
Why? Because there are advertisers And then they
They share the income with you and with the
clear platform then you say no
why can't I compare it to a
I work at a supermarket or because I
I have never charged 15 an hour for any job.
Well girl, you must have worked little.
Okay, because man, there is work where
They charge 15 an hour, it's really worth it, I don't know.
Damn man, I know there are a lot of jobs.
that not me for example the jobs that
I have never been charged 15 an hour
I charged 7 or 8 euros extra, I remember, okay?
that I would stay there for 3 extra hours
kill imo not for me for my 20 bucks
extra in the afternoon is worth it and I would do it again
to make evidently the day that I
If necessary, I will be there the day I need it.
If necessary, I'll be there again.
but of course you can't compare it with
a normal job and we have done this
spoken many times this is like the
nonsense of Oh but how a streamer goes
to charge 10,000 a month if the but not it
They charge, let's see, and Cristiano Ronaldo
that today he retired, I think not Christian
Ronaldo has retired, let's see.
each one charges what he/she
generates Claro you you on Twitch Well you
you get paid with 3000 viewers x money
but because you generate it because you are
By doing that advertising you are doing
this and you are doing the other thing is worth it
kik Well look at even the 14 bucks of the
now it's 14 turkeys given away
Why? Because there is no advertising.
Yes, you are already working but
is that you are uploading to a site you are
doing live in a place that is not
monetize is that it is sub is that you are
working on a site that doesn't monetize
monetization has to be linked to
something that generates
money is worth this incentives for
it's going to be me
temporary I think that's going to be
temporary is starting to see problems
Sure, let's see, you're on Twitch.
and ads are coming out therefore
you charge here How much do you earn per hour Well
I don't know mcar because eh I haven't
never calculated but man I
I imagine that on Twitch if you have
set to display ads on
maximum number of ads possible I imagine
that in 3000 3000 spectators in
Twitch earns more than in an hour
14 okay but man
depends
of donations and all that sort of thing
So at first, I don't see much.
It seems now I don't know how much I earned before
you should know it doesn't say it anywhere
moment it's not that you're not elite Ah
Okay, they thought they were going to keep winning.
the same and kck doesn't give a damn
big it was clear that it was going to go down
It is clear that the strategy is clear
kik and then but I think this is
a bugging problem because Uncle South
yes he has been claiming that he has won
a lot of money in the last gatherings and
such that they have had a lot of audience for
It seems that he has been taking out pacha or a
Those who are not the top will go to him
by failing to answer the questions
They are going to stop giving support, they are going to
gradually lower the money month by month and it is
Of course, it won't happen to those who will
that's the people a little more Masonic or
that they haven't gotten around to it yet but
What I don't know is how much he earned
before you win whatever you win I understand
that it bothers you that they lower it no?
because in the end if I am earning 20 and
suddenly you lower it to 15 and I don't
You say why and it's not like that.
Man, obviously I understand that
It bothers me, but I still think it's okay.
I paid at the hour I charge $
Because on Twitch there is no such thing as that.
It is rare that they download it without anyone asking for it.
say nothing they started paying more than
Twitch considerably then a little
more and now less than Twitch let's see what's going on
unless Twitch I disagree
because Twitch pays zero and kiik
at the time Pay something or within such
You're not that bad, I couldn't take any more than that.
same almost instant responses to is
that Twitch doesn't pay zero per hour, that is
Twitch pays for the hour, you put it in.
advertisement and pay based on audience
that you have Is that really Or is it that of
the thing about wanting to charge in a Stream based on
to
hours it seems to me
PSOE, let's see, man, I mean, let's see.
dude what the [ __ ] are you doing to me
counting let's see uncle
I think he's a very dev PSOE voter, let's go.
to
see how they are going to pay you per hour is that
In fact, they are going to denounce you.
not again but we'll see
in fact in kiik of course That incentive is
based on the viewers you have
x viewers so much salary the hour is worth
but that doesn't make any clear sense
There are no advertisers paying you that.
based on based on what So no
It makes sense, I don't see any sense in that.
the
true you are on the platform in
YouTube or what do you think about what they say?
Daas started a sect, we were going to see it.
before we have put it above But
man, what am I going to say, it's pathetic
As you all know all this
streamers have baskets and all the
fandom you know what I'm saying, so let's go
Let's see, you're on YouTube with your
audience and you're on Twitch with your
audience are coming out ads or the
people are going to donate to you And then it's the
money that you share with the
platform but they put a [ __ ]
salary is that I really man that I
What I, for example, in the case is s I
I would abandon it right now, I don't know if not
I know if he is if he has already abandoned it or
No, but in my case, two days
I write support to Case 3 and I abandon it.
without more worth And with the luck that s
right now It's in a good moment that
whether you like it or not Even if I'm not winning it
in the live yes when uploading it to
YouTube I imagine will be
monetizing well because now in the
channel where the extract is being uploaded is
having good visits is worth it
eh but for example uncle Sur does
is earning well then I understand that
farm what lasts when it lasts it will come back
to his Kick to his Twitch and to hell with it
but for me it's YouTube dude or
For me, YouTube is the platform.
main and is the platform where there is
that I have to grow and from there they won't let me down, that is
It's another thing if he comes here and tells me
Jai I give you 200 300,000 euros this year and
This year you are here because I do it
Okay
You know, but for me it's not like that.
mm if it's not with those
eh that's why I'm staying here now
up to weeks of waiting No noob look
to Pro in 3 hours and 47 hosts in 3 hours
and 47 earned 99 just by streaming more
the subs no and another day of 4 hours and
average earned 29 hosts from day 1 to day
18 in 17 days has gone from winning
100 turkeys every almost 4 hours at 4:3
win 29 viewers are these not 449
457 with which the viewers do not go down
keeps even goes up a little not a little
This isn't weird, people, don't you think I am?
saying that it's [ __ ] In fact I have
saying that it's still better than Twitch
on an economic level because I earn zero and
Cel earns 15 and complains that he earns 15
but they have gone down a lot
doesn't it seem super strange to you that in almost 4
I earned 100 hours but I don't understand
what this girl says about her winning
zero Of course She is referring to that
earn Zero based on the program
incentive that does not exist on twitter But
well you will have ads
no kik is unsustainable in the end they
They pay Amazon to use the services
from Twitch and make the live streams the only one
The reason they can afford everything is
for the money for them to continue going
casino I'm not going to feel it
none in 4:30 win the 29 is a drop
spectacular
and not at 15 don't get wet because he wins
15 an hour this kid doesn't earn 15 a
hour but well it's true that it has 400
viewers no 3000 no someone tells him that
He complains about earning 15 bucks and he says no
you got the point I'm not complaining about
the 14 do that removing taxes
obviously it's much less I complain about
that colleagues who do the same as me
with the same numbers they are winning 10
times more than me, so this is not even
It's not even something I guess for everyone
world but it's like a little Random No
maybe man of course the guy
South with 3000 spectators would be
winning Well I can't calculate but
man 150 pavillo could win not with
3000 spectators but I understand that
It's like some kind of bug or something.
with some I just don't understand why
Better you have 3000 viewers and you earn 15
and the one next to him wins against 3000 viewers
25 so there is not even equality
between them of course, so they also pay
by chance it seems to me that ki is not
doing well I guess maybe cel
because it is not as interesting as another person
which also has 3,000 eh viewers But
I guess that's the same as looking for a
certain profile and maybe he doesn't
fits in And he gets paid because he has 3,000
viewers but not as much as those who
If you are really interested then good
as the contract has a name and
surnames each one is paid what
consider and that's it, it's as if Auron were
Complaint about what ibai charges or vice versa
no they can at any time
change the conditions You believe
that Twitch is there and suddenly it can
pay half and that is normal No
I think maybe Cel used to charge 30 and
now he charges 15 It doesn't even seem like
not even legal at all because if there is
contract and it is signed How can you I
It's that I don't know if some
most interesting topic place out there I don't know
If any click of the discussion would be
interesting to see or something and if not me
I'm going to record a news report for
telesalseo is that it is not even that anymore
In itself it seems like a mistake to me and it goes eh that
is streaming and on Twitch
uncle or that one
man that man ibai would be winning
on YouTube much more uncle
[Music]
They would be paying him well
Panoja does not have a contract
but it is that
in
YouTube what audience
would have what audience would have and v
[Music]
In what audience would this have anything What
audience would have by on YouTube
uncle it's not the same
uncle and still we
to
see and still we
[Music]
Uncle we have an audience not here in the
salseria and those of the salseos of Dallas
and
others that are from kids and right now
You send them to Twitch and here they go.
you know but Twitch has a number of
Limited users are not the same, man.
YouTube never dies but that's not it
same guy let's see we are
here right now live on YouTube
Uncle we are here right now in
live on YouTube and right now there is
people browsing YouTube
Imagine, right now there are people who
is browsing YouTube and is going to
people appear
that is here this is not because they are
subscriptions here on home page are valid. They go to you.
to appear videos that YouTube understands
Look what the word pambisito means
9 years ago this is why it came to me
me here because now they are releasing another one
you see the topic of What does pisito mean
blah blah blah okay This is the live stream
of Incai how not to have dignity for
visit host very good
hot guy how much my mother laughed
me
The mother who gave birth to me gave birth how I laughed
with this live
Dude, you're going to get more interesting videos.
Well right now the live one I'm on
What I'm doing right now will work out for you
given to
people look at me
Fran and the live that we are
doing it will cost you a lot
people browsing YouTube
okay, who's going to get the live show?
that we are doing right now in
Twitch to no one, I mean, I see it on Twitch
very difficult to
growing up is very
complicated eh Nothing people dude we're going to do it
leave it here Hey good direct
Hey, good live today, no, my people, no.
good little director, good little director
No, at 4 in the morning I'm not going to record anymore.
I wasn't going to watch a newscast at all.
from Teres Salseo but it's that Teres Salseo
I have it very abandoned, uncle, I have it very
abandoned but it is that we do not give more
we do not give to
more ch is that we have been here 3 hours
and a half
Uncle Raide wants eh luares wants that
make a raay come on And who do you give it to?
you want it to be
[Music]
Do Who do you want it done to?
luare
Ah but these people are still here
[ __ ] I'm tall of the no said
stalkers I don't want to paraphrase either
but he said something like I don't know what and
He put it like a motorcycle, huh?
but not
I saw what surprised me the most was that
he turned against now
counting
re
we have
hac ul up chat agreement do you think that
go to v
I don't think so because it wasn't the year
past that because of coscu and in
YouTube who do I do it to I don't think so
The truth is, he left last year.
this year I don't know yoube because it's not a
sociable person or because of the bif he has
Now with a few I think that for
the beef he has with all the gang
also a [ __ ] and
Now Felipe Tyson is alone, but oh well
ror is a good candidate to come
maybe
I would accept it depends on how we think it said Aha
is that he said he was accepting
interviews
but who knows guys, I'm me
I have to go watch anime with Cherry Son
4am nauter come do the
honors Do the honors nauter vale
Okay, two questions, okay.
in person in person you believe
that we are going to have a special guest
There in Madrid I will try to
convince someone if we agree
Okay, yes, we can do it, yes, someone
Someone will appear, friend, then this
ask this question of course there is
that doing it always does not have to follow
being
happier more than before I feel like
See you sons of [ __ ] Tomi at least
call with us for a while eh yo
I want to be myself, what happens is I'm with her
It's a pain to have to go, I'm going on the first day
lag no one on YouTube is a snob but
Well that's the trash. There's no one.
Silver is going to be there I think
Silver Yes, he agrees to come, huh? Yes, I think so.
Yes, I mean yes
with aj if he gives me the pill Me too
I get along with cu I don't know, let's see, come on, go
may fall touch touch
Gentlemen South, if you would not participate in a
buk as long as it is the issuer of El
sperm doesn't come out in me nobody
We go straight without raay exactly
of course never in the cockpit well
We leave without doing anything, Tom.
Well, wait while we're here, Tommy.
your wife is not here. Well, nothing.
Guys, when your wife falls asleep
we will talk, you do not want it to be
do damn Tomi well gentlemen then we
We see how many days a week takes
we are going to sing it in a macho way
because I love that one
song is that I don't
have
many swim and we can say great ass
of the
[Music]
p I wanted to invest Now I'm not going to
invest
nothing, don't bite the little hand that we
feeds [ __ ] poito but his [ __ ]
Mother: So they pause for a week.
macho way
It means [ __ ] Stutter You stay in kick